Company:          Intuitive Machines
Ticker:           LUNR
CIK:              0001844452
Accession Number: 0001628280-26-019865
Filing Date:      2026-03-19
Source URL:       https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1844452/000162828026019865/lunr-20251231.htm
Extracted:        2026-05-16T17:29:21.395751Z
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Item 1A Risk Factors, 
“We rely on a limited number of suppliers for certain materials and supplied components. We may not be able to obtain sufficient materials or supplied components to meet our manufacturing and operating needs or obtain such materials on favorable terms.”
Human Capital
As of December 31, 2025, we had 525 employees throughout our operations, including the employees added through the acquisition of KinetX on October 1, 2025. On January 13, 2026, Intuitive Machines completed the acquisition of Lanteris. As a result of this transaction, we had approximately 1,695 employees across our combined operations. 
At Intuitive Machines, our human capital management approach is grounded in our core RIDE values of Respect, Integrity, Dedication, and Excellence. These values guide how we operate as a space infrastructure company and inform how we work together to build spacecraft, connect networks, and operate mission-critical systems across the space domain. Our workforce is composed primarily of engineers, scientists, technicians, and business professionals who support the delivery of end-to-end mission solutions for civil, commercial, and national security customers.
We emphasize disciplined execution, technical rigor, accountability, and collaboration across teams and geographies. Operating in a high-consequence mission environment, our employees contribute across the full lifecycle of space infrastructure, from design and manufacturing to integration, mission operations, and lifecycle support.
6
Table of 
Contents
Attracting and Engaging Talent
We compete for talent in highly specialized and competitive technical fields, including but not limited to aerospace engineering, robotics, software, data science, manufacturing, and mission operations. Our people practices reflect the need to operate as one organization with shared standards and a unified purpose. We seek to foster a work environment that supports collaboration, knowledge-sharing, and alignment across disciplines, locations, and legacy organizations.
Total Rewards
Our total rewards programs include market-based compensation, performance-linked incentives, equity-based awards, and a comprehensive benefits portfolio. These programs are structured to support the attraction and retention of a highly skilled workforce and to align employee interests with company performance and long-term value creation. Compensation and benefits practices are administered in accordance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements across the jurisdictions in which we operate.
Workplace and Footprint
Our operations span multiple U.S. locations, including our lunar operations and production center in Houston, Texas; a mechanisms and robotics facility in Glen Burnie, Maryland; and engineering and data science offices in Phoenix, Arizona, among others. On October 1, 2025, we completed the acquisition of KinetX, expanding our operating footprint to include additional locations in Arizona, Colorado, and California. On January 13, 2026, we completed the acquisition of Lanteris, which significantly expanded our workforce and operating presence, primarily in California, along with additional engineering and manufacturing sites. Across our facilities, we maintain work environments intended to support collaboration, mission assurance, and the disciplined execution required to deliver reliable space infrastructure solutions at scale.
Intellectual Property
The protection of our technology and intellectual property is an important aspect of our business. We rely upon a combination of patents, trademarks, unpatented trade secrets, unpatented know-how, copyrights, license agreements, confidentiality procedures, contractual commitments and other legal rights to establish and protect our intellectual property. We enter into confidentiality agreements and invention or work product assignment agreements with our employees, suppliers, and consultants to protect, control access to, and clarify ownership of, our proprietary information and other intellectual property. We continually review and update our intellectual property portfolio to help ensure that we have adequate protections and rights.
Government and Environmental Regulations
Government Regulations
Compliance with various governmental regulations has an impact on our business, including our capital expenditures, earnings and competitive position, which can be material. We incur or will incur costs to monitor and take actions to comply with governmental regulations that are or will be applicable to our business, which include, among others, federal securities laws and regulations, applicable stock exchange requirements, export and import control, economic sanctions and trade embargo laws and restrictions and regulations of the U.S. Department of Transportation, Federal Aviation Administration (“FAA”), Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”) and other government agencies in the United States.
We contract with U.S. government agencies and entities, principally NASA, which requires that we comply with various laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration and performance of contracts. U.S. government contracts are generally subject to the Federal Acquisition Regulation (the “FAR”), which sets forth policies, procedures and requirements for the acquisition of goods and services by the U.S. government, other agency-specific regulations that implement or supplement the FAR and other applicable laws and regulations. These regulations impose a broad range of requirements, many of which are unique to government contracting, including various procurement, import and export, security, contract pricing and cost, contract termination and adjustment and audit requirements. Depending on the contract, these laws and regulations require, among other things:
•
certification and disclosure of all cost and pricing data in connection with certain contract negotiations;
•
defining allowable and unallowable costs and otherwise govern our right to reimbursement under various cost-type U.S. government contracts;
•
compliance with Cost Accounting Standards for U.S. government contracts (“CAS”);
•
reviews by the Defense Contract Audit Agency (“DCAA”), Defense Contract Management Agency (“DCMA”) and other regulatory agencies for compliance with business systems requirements; 
7
Table of 
Contents
•
restricting the use and dissemination of and require the protection of unclassified contract-related information and information classified for national security purposes and the export of certain products and technical data; and
•
prohibiting competing for work if an actual or potential organizational conflict of interest, as defined by these laws and regulations, related to such work exists and/or cannot be appropriately mitigated, neutralized or avoided.
We perform certain contracts under cost-reimbursable contracts with NASA and other U.S. governmental agencies. If the U.S. government concludes costs charged to a contract are not reimbursable under the terms of the contract or applicable procurement regulations, these costs are disallowed or, if already reimbursed, we may be required to refund the reimbursed amounts to the customer. Such conditions may also include interest and other financial penalties. If performance issues arise under any of our government contracts, the customer retains the right to pursue remedies, which could include termination under any affected contract. Generally, our customers have the contractual right to terminate or reduce the amount of work under our contracts at any time. 
Further, our business is subject to, and we must comply with, stringent U.S. import and export control laws, including the International Trade in Arms Regulations administered by the U.S. Department of State (“ITAR”) and the Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”). See “
Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry
” for a discussion of material risks to us, including, to the extent material, to our competitive position, relating to governmental regulations, and see “
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation
” together with our consolidated financial statements, including the related notes included therein, for a discussion of material information relevant to an assessment of our financial condition and results of operations, including, to the extent material, the effects that compliance with governmental regulations may have upon our capital expenditures and earnings.
Environmental Regulations 
We are subject to various federal, state, provincial, local, and international environmental laws and regulations relating to the operation of our business, including those governing pollution, the handling, storage, disposal and transportation of hazardous substances and the cleanup of contamination should it arise. The imposition of more stringent standards or requirements under environmental laws or regulations or a determination that we are responsible for a release of hazardous substances at our sites could result in significant costs, including cleanup costs, fines, sanctions, and third-party claims. In addition, we could be affected by future regulations imposed in response to concerns over climate change, other aspects of the environment or natural resources. 
At this time, we do not believe that federal, state, and local laws and regulations relating to the discharge of materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment, or any existing or pending climate change legislation, regulation, or international treaties or accords are reasonably likely to have a material effect in the foreseeable future on our business.
Our operations are regulated under various federal, state, local and international laws governing the environment, including laws governing the discharge of EPA’s Criteria Air Pollutants, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the cleanup of contaminated sites. We have infrastructure in place to ensure that our operations are in compliance with all applicable environmental regulations. We do not believe that the costs of compliance with these laws and regulations will have a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures, operating results or competitive position. The imposition of more stringent standards or requirements under environmental laws or regulations or a determination that we are responsible for the release of hazardous substances at our sites could result in expenditures in excess of amounts currently estimated to be required for such matters. We have been designated, along with numerous other companies, as a potentially responsible party for the clean-up of several hazardous waste sites. Based on currently available information, we do not believe that any costs incurred in connection with such sites will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, capital expenditures or competitive position. There can be no assurance that additional environmental matters will not arise in the future, or that costs will not be incurred with respect to sites at which no problem is currently known.
Available Information
Our website address is www.intuitivemachines.com. The contents of, or information accessible through, our website are not incorporated by reference herein and are not a part of this Annual Report. We make our filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, as well as beneficial ownership filings available free of charge on our website under the “Investors” section as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such reports with, or furnish such reports to, the SEC.
We may use our website as a distribution channel of material information about us. Financial and other important information regarding the Company is routinely posted on and accessible through the Investors section of our website at www.investors.intuitivemachines.com.
8
Table of 
Contents
Item 1A. Risk Factors
You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business or results of operations. 
Risks Related to Our Business and Industry
Our ability to be successful depends upon the efforts of our Board and key personnel and the loss of such persons could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our business.
Our ability to be successful will be dependent upon the efforts of our Board and key personnel. We cannot assure you that our Board and key personnel will be effective or successful or remain with us. In addition to the other challenges they will face, such individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a public company, which could cause our management to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such requirements. 
These challenges and uncertainties may impair our ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel. The departure of key employees because of issues related to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration or a desire not to remain with us could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
As part of growing our business, we have made and may continue to make acquisitions. Any acquisitions, partnerships or joint ventures into which we enter subject us to integration risks and could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
From time to time, we may evaluate potential strategic acquisitions of businesses, including partnerships or joint ventures with third parties, to add new products and technologies, acquire talent, grow new sales channels or enter into new markets or sales territories. For example, on November 3, 2025, the Company entered into the Lanteris Purchase Agreement (defined herein), to acquire Lanteris, which closed in January 13, 2026. We may not be able to continue the operational success of Lanteris or other businesses we acquire or successfully finance or integrate such businesses or the businesses with which we form a partnership or joint venture. Furthermore, the integration of Lanteris or any acquisition may divert management’s time and resources from our core business and disrupt our operations or may result in conflicts with our business. Any acquisition, partnership or joint venture may not be successful, may reduce our cash reserves, may negatively affect our earnings and financial performance and, to the extent financed with the proceeds of debt, may increase our indebtedness. Further, depending on market conditions, investor perceptions of the Company and other factors, we might not be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms, or at all, to implement any such transaction. We cannot ensure that any acquisition, partnership or joint venture we make will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
In addition to possible shareholder approval, we may need approvals and licenses from relevant government authorities for the acquisitions to comply with applicable laws and regulations, and a failure to obtain such approvals and licenses could result in delays in completing an acquisition and increased costs and may disrupt our business strategy. Furthermore, acquisitions and the subsequent integration of new assets, businesses, key personnel, customers, vendors and suppliers require significant attention from our management and could result in a diversion of resources from our existing business, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our operations. Acquired assets or businesses may not generate the financial results we expect. Acquisitions could result in the use of substantial amounts of cash, potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities and potential exposure to unknown liabilities of the acquired business. Moreover, the costs of identifying and consummating acquisitions may be significant.
If we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed.
In order to achieve the substantial future revenue growth we have projected, we must develop and market new products and services. We intend to expand our operations significantly. To properly manage our growth, we will need to hire and retain additional personnel, upgrade our existing operational management and financial and reporting systems, and improve our business processes and controls. Our future expansion will include: 
•
hiring and training new personnel;
•
developing new technologies;
•
controlling expenses and investments in anticipation of expanded operations;
9
Table of 
Contents
•
continuing to improve the existing operational management and financial reporting systems and team to comply with requirements as a public company; and
•
implementing and enhancing administrative infrastructure, systems and processes.
If our operations continue to grow as planned, of which there can be no assurance, we will need to expand our sales and marketing, research and development, customer and commercial strategy, products and services, supply, information technology, cybersecurity and manufacturing functions. For example, on January 13, 2026, we completed the acquisition of Lanteris, approximately 1,170 employees to the Company. Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to manage our expanded business, which may pose substantial challenges for our management, increased costs and complexity associated with new operations. There can be no assurances that we will be successful in managing such expanded business or that we will realize the benefits currently anticipated from the acquisition of Lanteris. Future growth will require us to invest significant financial and other resources, including in industries and sales channels in which we have limited experience to date. We will also need to continue to leverage our manufacturing and operational systems and processes, and there is no guarantee that we will be able to scale the business as currently planned or within the planned timeframe. The continued expansion of our business may also require additional manufacturing and operational facilities, as well as space for administrative support, and there is no guarantee that we will be able to find suitable locations for the manufacture of our space vehicles and related equipment. 
Our continued growth, including recent awards, could increase the strain on our resources, and we could experience operating difficulties, including difficulties in hiring and training employees, finding manufacturing capacity to produce our space vehicles and related equipment, and delays in production. These difficulties may divert the attention of management and key employees and impact financial and operational results. If we are unable to drive commensurate growth, these costs, which include lease commitments, headcount and capital assets, could result in decreased margins, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
We have a history of net operating losses and may not achieve profitability in the future. We may need additional capital to fund our operations. If we fail to obtain additional capital, we may be unable to sustain operations.
We have incurred operating losses and may incur operating losses in the future as we continue to expand and develop, our business, and we may need additional capital from external sources in the future. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue one or more of our R&D programs. We may be required to cease operations or seek partners for our product candidates at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable and on terms that are less favorable than might otherwise be available. In the absence of additional capital we may also be required to relinquish, license or otherwise dispose of rights to technologies, product candidates or products that we would otherwise seek to develop or commercialize on terms that are less favorable than might otherwise be available. If we are unable to secure additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to reduce costs in order to conserve our cash in amounts sufficient to sustain operations and meet our obligations. These measures could cause significant delays in the development of our product candidates which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The future revenue and operating results of the satellite integrated build capability are dependent on our ability to generate a sustainable order rate for the satellite and space operations and develop new technologies to meet the needs of our customers or potential new customers.
The satellite integrated build capability is dependent on its ability to generate a sustainable order rate satellite and space operations. This can be challenging and may fluctuate on an annual basis as the number of satellite construction contracts awarded varies. Many satellite operators in the communications industry have continued to defer new satellite construction awards to evaluate geostationary and other competing satellite system architectures and other market factors. If we are unable to win new awards or execute existing contracts as expected, our business, results of operations and financial position could be further adversely affected.
The cyclical nature of the commercial satellite market could negatively impact our ability to accurately forecast customer demand. The markets that we serve may not grow in the future and we may not be able to maintain adequate gross margins or profits in these markets. Specifically, sales of the 1300-class bus have historically been important to Lanteris and there is no assurance that this market will continue to grow or demand levels will increase, nor is there assurance that the market for the smaller bus, will offset any decreases in the market for the 1300-class bus or provide future growth. Our growth is dependent on the growth in the sales of services provided by our customers, our customers’ ability to anticipate market trends and our ability to anticipate changes in the businesses of our customers and to successfully identify and enter new markets. If we fail to anticipate such changes in demand, our business, results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected.
10
Table of 
Contents
The satellite manufacturing industry is driven by continued investment in technologies to meet changing customer demand for complex and reliable services. Our satellite systems embody complex technologies and may not always be compatible with current and evolving technical standards and systems developed by others. Other satellite manufacturers have developed or are developing digital payloads which increase flexibility for geostationary satellites in circumstances with unpredictable demand. We plan to team with providers of this technology to enhance our offering if our customers express interest in it.
Failure or delays to develop technologies or team with providers to obtain technologies to meet the requisite and evolving industry or user standards could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Failure of suppliers to deliver against end customer requirements could lead to a material adverse effect on our financial results.
Customer concentration creates risks for our business.
For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, approximately 78% and 90% of our revenues, respectively, came from one major customer. To the extent that any large customer were to default or otherwise fail to perform or be delayed in the fulfillment of its contractual obligations to us, changes its ordering patterns or business strategy, or otherwise reduces its purchases or stops purchasing our products or services, or if we experience difficulty in meeting the demand by these customers for our products or services, our revenues and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
Our limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and the risks and challenges we may encounter.
We have a limited operating history in a rapidly evolving industry that may not develop in a manner favorable to our business. While our business has grown, and much of that growth has occurred in recent periods, including through the recent acquisition of Lanteris, the markets for launch services, space systems, spacecraft components and space data applications may not continue to develop in a manner that we expect or that otherwise would be favorable to our business. As a result of our limited operating history and ongoing changes in our new and evolving industry, including evolving demand for our products and services, our ability to forecast our future results of operations and plan for and model future growth is limited and subject to a number of uncertainties. We have encountered and expect to continue to encounter risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly evolving industries, such as the risks and uncertainties described herein. Accordingly, we may be unable to prepare accurate internal financial forecasts or replace anticipated revenue that we do not receive as a result of delays arising from these factors, and our results of operations in future reporting periods may be below the expectations of investors or analysts. If we do not address these risks successfully, our results of operations could differ materially from our estimates and forecasts or the expectations of investors or analysts, causing our business to suffer and our common stock price to decline. 
Competition from existing or new companies could cause us to experience downward pressure on prices, fewer customer orders, reduced margins, the inability to take advantage of new business opportunities, and the loss of market share.
We operate in highly competitive markets and generally encounter intense competition to win contracts from many other firms, including lower and mid-tier federal contractors with specialized capabilities and the federal government. Additionally, our markets are facing increasing industry consolidation, resulting in larger competitors who have more market share putting more downward pressure on prices and offering a more robust portfolio of products and services. Our primary competitors for satellite manufacturing contracts include the Boeing Company, Lockheed Martin Corporation and Northrop Grumman Corporation in the United States and Thales S.A. and Airbus Defence and Space, a subsidiary of the Airbus Group, in Europe. We may also face competition in the future from more emerging low-cost competitors, some of which could be subsidized or well-funded. Competition in our lunar market is mainly divided between incumbents, such as Lockheed Martin and Blue Origin who pursue larger, more complex contracts such as crewed lunar missions, and next generation players, including our competitors on the CLPS contract such as Astrobotic and Firefly Aerospace. Competitors for the next phases of LTVS include Lunar Outpost and Astrolab Venturi and our competitors for the NSN contract included Kongsberg Satellite Services (“KSAT”), Swedish Space Corporation (“SSC”), and Telespazio. We are subject to competition based upon product designs, performance, pricing, quality, and services. Our product performance, engineering expertise, and product quality have been important factors in our growth. While we try to maintain competitive pricing on those products that are directly comparable to products manufactured by others, in many instances our products will conform to more exacting specifications and carry a higher price than analogous products. Many of our customers and potential customers have the capacity to design and internally manufacture products that are similar to our products. We face competition from research and product development groups and the manufacturing operations of current and potential customers, who continually evaluate the benefits of internal research, product development, and manufacturing versus outsourcing.
11
Table of 
Contents
In addition, some of our foreign competitors currently benefit from, and others may benefit in the future from, protective measures by their home countries where governments are providing financial support, including significant investments in the development of new technologies. Government support of this nature greatly reduces the commercial risks associated with aerospace technology development activities for these competitors. This market environment may result in increased pressures on our pricing and other competitive factors.
We believe our ability to compete successfully in designing, engineering and manufacturing our products and services at significantly reduced cost to customers does and will depend on a number of factors, which may change in the future due to increased competition, our ability to meet our customers’ needs and the frequency and availability of our offerings. If we are unable to compete successfully, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected.
Disruptions in U.S. government operations and funding, including government shutdowns, could harm our 
business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed
.
Any disruptions in federal government operations, including government shutdowns, could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, earnings, and cash flows. A prolonged failure to maintain significant U.S. government operations or delays or cancellations of U.S. programs based on budgetary constraints, particularly those pertaining to our business, could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, earnings, and cash flows. Continued uncertainty related to recent and future government shutdowns, including related to a change in administration, the budget and/or the failure of the government to enact annual appropriations, such as long-term funding under a continuing resolution, could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, earnings and cash flows. Additionally, disruptions in government operations may negatively impact regulatory approvals and guidance that are important to our operations. 
Unsatisfactory performance of our satellite and space systems or security incidents at our facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We manufacture and operate highly sophisticated satellites and space systems that depend on complex technology. We also work cooperatively with our suppliers, subcontractors, venture partners and other parties (collectively, “Third Parties”). Failures and disruptions or compromises to our or our Third Parties’ systems may be caused by natural disasters, fires (including wildfires), accidents, power disruptions, telecommunications failures, acts of terrorism or war, computer viruses, bugs or vulnerabilities, physical or electronic break-ins, human error, intentional conduct, targeted cyberattacks, or similar events or incidents. While we have built operational processes to ensure that the design, manufacture, performance and servicing of our space systems and our facilities meet rigorous performance goals, there can be no assurance that we will not experience operational or process failures and other problems, including through manufacturing or design defects, pilot error, failure of Third Party safeguards, natural disasters, cyber-attacks, or other intentional acts, that could result in potential safety risks. For example, the IM-2 mission experienced landing anomalies that impacted our ability to complete all mission milestones. There can be no assurance that our preparations, or those of Third Parties, will be able to prevent any such incidents.
Any actual or perceived safety issues may result in significant reputational harm to our businesses, in addition to tort liability, maintenance, increased safety infrastructure and other costs that may arise. Such issues with our space systems, facilities, or customer safety could result in delaying or cancelling planned flights, increased regulation or other systemic consequences. Our inability to meet our safety standards or adverse publicity affecting our reputation as a result of accidents, mechanical failures, damages to customer property or medical complications could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operation.
If any of our systems, the systems of any critical Third Parties upon which we rely or our customers’ systems are, or appear to be, breached, damaged, or if unauthorized processing of customer or third-party data is otherwise performed, public perception of our products services may be harmed, and we may lose business and incur losses or liabilities.
Threat actors (such as ransomware groups) are becoming increasingly sophisticated and using tools and techniques that are designed to circumvent security controls, to evade detection and to remove or obfuscate forensic evidence. Our and our Third Parties’ technology systems and networks may be damaged, disrupted, or compromised by malicious events, such as cyberattacks (including computer viruses, ransomware, and other malicious and destructive code, phishing attacks, and denial of service attacks), physical or electronic security breaches, natural disasters, fire (including wildfires), power loss, telecommunications failures, personnel misconduct, and human error. Such attacks or security breaches may be perpetrated by internal bad actors, such as employees or contractors, or by Third Parties. Furthermore, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until after they are launched against a target, we and our Third Parties may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. While we have implemented what we believe is an appropriate information security program with cybersecurity procedures, practices, and controls, the control systems, cybersecurity program, infrastructure, physical facilities of, and personnel associated with Third Parties that we rely on are beyond our control and we cannot guarantee 
12
Table of 
Contents
that our or our Third Parties’ systems and networks have not been breached or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our systems and networks or the systems and networks of Third Parties that support us and our products and services. In addition, our defensive measures, including back-up systems and disaster recovery plans, or those of our critical Third Parties, may fail to timely or effectively anticipate, detect, prevent or allow us to recover from cyberattacks.
Our costs to adequately counter the risk of cyber-attacks and to comply with contractual and/or regulatory compliance requirements may increase significantly in the future. If there is a security vulnerability, error, or other bug in one of ours or our critical third-party systems or if there is a security exploit targeting them, we could face increased costs, claims, liability, reduced revenue, and harm to our reputation or competitive position. Because we do not maintain cybersecurity insurance, these costs will come directly from us and this could harm our financial condition. 
Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations, including those relating to cybersecurity or arising from cyber-attacks, and security threats could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized disclosure of data, or theft or tampering of intellectual property, any of which could materially adversely impact our business.
The market for commercial space systems in cislunar and beyond has not been established with precision. It is still emerging and may not achieve the growth potential we expect or may grow more slowly than expected.
The market for commercial space systems in cislunar and beyond has not been established with precision and is still emerging. Our estimates for the total addressable market for commercial space systems are based on a number of internal and third-party estimates, including our current backlog, the number of consumers, assumed flight cadence, our ability to leverage our current manufacturing and operational processes and general market conditions. While we believe our assumptions and the data underlying our estimates are reasonable, these assumptions and estimates may not be correct. The conditions supporting our assumptions or estimates may change at any time, thereby reducing the predictive accuracy of these underlying factors. As a result, our estimates of the annual total addressable market for commercial space systems, as well as the expected growth rate for the total addressable market for that experience, may prove to be incorrect.
We may experience delayed lunar launches, launch failures, failure of lunar landers to reach their planned locations, failure of landers to conduct all mission milestones, significant increases in the costs related to launches of lunar landers, and insufficient capacity available from lunar lander launch providers. Any such issue could result in the loss of our lunar landers or cause significant delays in their deployment, which could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
Delays in launching landers are common and can result from manufacturing delays, unavailability of reliable launch opportunities with suppliers, launch supplier schedule delays, delays in obtaining required regulatory approvals, changes in landing coordinates, updates to mission specifications (including mission scope and objectives) and launch failures. If lander manufacturing schedules are not met, a launch opportunity may not be available at the time the landers are ready to be launched. We also share launches with other manufacturers who may cause launch delays that are outside of our control. In addition, launch vehicles may fail, which could result in the destruction of any landers we have in such launch vehicle or an inability for the landers to perform their intended mission. Launch failures also result in significant delays in the deployment of landers because of the need to manufacture replacement parts, which typically takes up to six months or longer, and to obtain another launch opportunity. We also regularly review intended landing coordinates in order to determine the optimal landing site for our landers in consultation with NASA, while also updating mission specifications such as the scope of missions and the mission objectives. As such, from time to time, we have made, and expect to continue to make, material modifications to our missions, each of which may, alone or in the aggregate, cause us to experience material delays. Further, it could be more costly, and potentially prohibitively more costly, for us to launch and deploy our landers in the future due to increases in the cost of launches, launch insurance rates and launch-related services. We are currently targeting a mission launch window of late 2026 for our IM-3 mission. Any launch failure, underperformance, delay or increased cost on lander launches or related services, including on our IM-3 mission, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
We may experience delayed satellite launches, failure of our satellites to reach their planned orbital locations, significant increases in production costs of our satellites. Any such issue could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
Delays in launching satellites are common and can result from manufacturing delays, updates to mission specifications (including mission scope and objectives) and launch failures. In September 2024, NASA awarded us a verification task order for NSN communication and navigation services for missions in the lunar region. For the Company to begin to have services under the NSN contract, we must successfully launch at least one satellite into a lunar orbit and five satellites to complete the constellation. If satellite schedules are not met, our operations may be materially adversely impacted. In addition, satellite deployment mechanisms may fail, which could result in an inability for the satellites to perform their 
13
Table of 
Contents
intended mission. Further, it could be more costly, and potentially prohibitively more costly, for us to build and deploy our satellites in the future due to supplier cost increases. Any satellite failure, underperformance, delay or increase cost could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
Delays in the construction of satellites and the procurement of requisite components, satellite damage or destruction during launch, launch failures, or incorrect orbital placement could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
Our business involves significant risks and uncertainties that may not be covered by insurance. Also, due to the inherent risks associated with commercial spaceflight, there is the possibility that any accident or catastrophe could lead to the loss of human life or a medical emergency.
Although there have been and will continue to be technological advances in spaceflight, it is still an inherently dangerous activity. Explosions and other accidents on launch or during the flight have occurred and will likely occur in the future. If such incident should occur, we will likely experience a total loss of our systems, products, technologies and services and our customers’ payloads. The total or partial loss of one or more of our products or customer payloads could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. For some missions, we can elect to buy launch insurance, which can reduce our monetary losses from the launch failure, but even in this case we may have uninsured losses associated with failures after launch and a launch failure will have losses associated with our inability to test our technology in space and delays with further technology development.
Further, commercial spaceflight is an inherently risky activity that can lead to accidents or catastrophes impacting human life. It is impossible to completely eliminate the potential for human error, and there is a possibility that other accidents may occur in the future as a result of human error or for a variety of other reasons, some of which may be out of our control. Any such accident could result in substantial losses to us, including reputational harm and legal liability, and, as a result, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
The release, unplanned ignition, explosion, or improper handling of dangerous materials used in our business could disrupt and harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Our business operations involve the handling, production and disposition of potentially explosive and ignitable energetic materials and other dangerous chemicals, including materials used in rocket propulsion. The handling, production, transport and disposition of hazardous materials could result in incidents that temporarily shut down or otherwise disrupt our manufacturing operations and could cause production delays. A release of these chemicals or an unplanned ignition or explosion could result in death or significant injuries to employees and others. Material property damage to us and Third Parties could also occur. Extensive regulations apply to the handling of explosive and energetic materials, including but not limited to regulations governing hazardous substances and hazardous waste. The failure to properly store and ultimately dispose of such materials could create significant liability and/or result in regulatory sanctions. Any release, unplanned ignition, or explosion could expose us to adverse publicity or liability for damages or cause production delays, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and/or cash flows.
We rely on a limited number of suppliers for certain materials and supplied components. We may not be able to obtain sufficient materials or supplied components to meet our manufacturing and operating needs, or obtain such materials on favorable terms.
We rely on a limited number of suppliers for certain raw materials, supplied components and product equipment items, many of which
 particularly in our satellite integrated build capability, are procured or subcontracted on a single or sole-source basis. 
In addition, we currently rely on a single launch service provider for our lunar missions. 
We may not be able to obtain sufficient raw materials or supplied components to manage our inventory, meet our manufacturing and operating needs, or obtain such materials on favorable terms, which could impair our ability to fulfill our orders in a timely manner or increase our costs of production and could in turn result in reduced sales and profits, contract penalties or terminations and damage to customer relationships and could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition, or cash flows. 
Our ability to manufacture our launch vehicles is dependent upon sufficient availability of raw materials and supplied components, which we secure from a limited number of suppliers. Our reliance on suppliers to secure these raw materials and supplied components exposes us to volatility in the prices, quality, and availability of these materials. We may not be able to obtain sufficient supply of raw materials or supplied components, on favorable terms or at all, which could result in delays in manufacturing our spacecraft or increased costs. 
In addition, we have in the past and may in the future experience delays in manufacturing or operations as we go through the requalification process with any replacement third-party supplier, as well as the limitations imposed by the ITAR and other restrictions on transfer of sensitive technologies. Additionally, the imposition of tariffs on such raw materials or 
14
Table of 
Contents
supplied components could have a material adverse effect on our operations. Prolonged disruptions in the supply of any of our key raw materials or components, difficulty qualifying new sources of supply, implementing use of replacement materials or new sources of supply or any volatility in prices could have a material adverse effect on our ability to operate in a cost-efficient, timely manner and could cause us to experience cancellations or delays of scheduled launches, customer cancellations or reductions in our prices and margins, any of which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Our revenue, results of operations and reputation may be negatively impacted if our products contain defects or fail to operate in the expected manner.
We sell complex and technologically advanced products and services, including rocket launch services, mission services, spacecraft, satellites, and spacecraft components. Sophisticated software used in our products and services, including software developed by us, may contain defects that can unexpectedly interfere with the software’s intended operation. Defects may also occur in components and products that we manufacture or purchase from Third Parties. Most of the launch vehicles, spacecraft and spacecraft components we have developed must function under demanding and unpredictable operating conditions and in harsh and potentially destructive environments. Our products and services may not be successfully implemented, pass required acceptance criteria, or operate or give the desired output, or we may not be able to detect and fix all defects in the launch vehicles, spacecraft, spacecraft components and systems we sell and/or use. Failure to do so could result in lost revenue and damage to our reputation and may adversely affect our ability to win new contract awards.
Rising inflation may materially impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Inflation has increased recently. Inflation in the economy has resulted in, and may continue to result in, higher interest rates and capital costs, shipping costs, supply shortages, increased costs of labor and other similar effects. As a result of inflation, we have and may continue to experience cost increases. Although we may take measures to mitigate the impact of inflation, if these measures are not effective, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
We are subject to counterparty risk on contracts with customers. If a counterparty to one of our contracts were to default or otherwise fail to perform or be delayed in its performance on any of its contractual obligations to us, such default, failure to perform or delay could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
Our budgeted capital expenditures, forecasted growth and strategic plan are based on revenues expected to be generated pursuant to signed contracts existing as of the date such budget, forecast and strategic plan are approved by management and our Board. If a customer were to default or otherwise fail to perform or be delayed in the fulfillment of its contractual obligations to us, we would be required to adjust our budget, forecasts and strategic plans to mitigate the impact of such circumstance, which may negatively affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and/or liquidity. Additionally, if the scope of anticipated work related to any customer contract were to change due to unforeseen circumstances or evolving requirements of one or more of our counterparties, we may be unable to generate revenue on our anticipated timeline or may be required to incur increased costs from those originally estimated for a project, which could cause our budgets, forecasts and plans to be inaccurate. While we endeavor to mitigate this risk by assuming potential delays in revenue generation and estimated contract progress when preparing our budget, forecast and strategic plans, it is not possible to predict with accuracy the impact of any default, failure to perform or delay, which results in our inability to completely mitigate such risks. As such, the counterparty default, failure to perform or delay in performance may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
We are dependent on technology and automated systems to operate our business. 
We depend heavily on technology and automated systems to effectively operate our business. Any substantial, extended, or repeated failures of these systems could negatively affect our business, compromise the security of our information or other information stored on, transmitted by, or otherwise processed by these systems, result in the loss of or damage to important data, loss of revenue and increased costs, and generally harm our business. Additionally, loss of key talent required to maintain and advance these systems could have a material impact on our operations. Like other companies, our systems may be vulnerable to disruptions due to events beyond our control, including natural disasters, fire, power disruptions, software or equipment failures, terrorist attacks, cybersecurity incursions, computer viruses and hackers. There can be no assurance that the measures we have taken to reduce the adverse effects of certain potential failures or disruptions are adequate to prevent or remedy disruptions of our systems or prevent or mitigate all attacks. In addition, we will need to continuously make significant investments in technology to periodically upgrade and replace existing systems. If we are unable to make these investments or fail to successfully implement, upgrade or replace our systems, our operations and 
15
Table of 
Contents
business could be adversely impacted. As of the date hereof, we have not experienced any significant impacts due to software updates, but we could in the future experience similar software-induced interruptions to our operations. 
We may use artificial intelligence (“AI”) in our business or systems, and challenges with properly managing its use could result in competitive and reputational harm and negatively impact the operations and profitability of our business.
We may incorporate AI solutions into our core offerings and business, and these applications may become important in our operations over time. For example, we currently use an isolated private instance of a corporate AI chatbox and Gilab DUO. Our competitors or other third parties may incorporate AI into their products or services more quickly or more successfully than we may, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our results of operations. There are significant risks involved in developing, maintaining and deploying these technologies and there can be no assurance that the usage of such technologies will enhance our offerings or be beneficial to our business, including our efficiency or profitability. In particular, if these artificial intelligence or machine learning models are incorrectly designed or implemented; trained or reliant on incomplete, inadequate, inaccurate, biased or otherwise poor quality data or on data to which we do not have sufficient rights; and/or are adversely impacted by unforeseen defects, technical challenges, cyber security threats or material performance issues, the performance of our products, services, and business, as well as our reputation and the reputations of our customers, could suffer or we could incur liability through the violation of laws, contracts to which we are a party or civil claims. The rapid evolution of AI, including potential government regulation of AI, will require significant resources to develop, test and maintain our platform, offerings, services, and features to help us implement AI ethically in order to minimize unintended, harmful impact.
If our prime contractors fail to maintain their relationships with their counterparties and fulfill their contractual obligations, our performance as a subcontractor and our ability to obtain future business could be materially and adversely impacted and our actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated.
We act as a subcontractor to prime contractors on multiple government contracts, including NASA’s JETS Program and SDA’s Tracking Layer Program. Our performance as a subcontractor on a government contract, is dependent on the prime contractor’s ability to satisfactorily maintain its relationship with the government and fulfill its obligations under its contracts. A failure by the prime contractors to fulfill their obligations under their contracts could result in the termination of the prime contract or delayed revenue generation and recognition, thereby resulting in either the termination of our subcontract or material modifications to our subcontract. If any significant subcontract is terminated or delayed in this manner, it could cause our actual results to differ materially and adversely from those anticipated.
Global pandemics, epidemics, outbreaks of infectious diseases or public health crises have disrupted our business and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
The pandemics, epidemics, outbreaks of infectious diseases or public health crises across the globe have disrupted, and may in the future disrupt our business, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or future expectations. Any health crisis may negatively affect worldwide economic and commercial activity, disrupt global supply chains and the labor market and create significant volatility and disruption of financial and commodity markets. The extent to which our business may in the future be affected by pandemics, infectious disease outbreaks and other public health crises depends on a number of factors outside of our control, including but not limited to the extent and duration of labor disruptions, business operations disruptions from quarantines, travel restrictions and other requirements imposed by regulators and health authorities, delays, modifications and terminations of contracts, supply chain disruptions, increased cybersecurity and data protection risks, increased costs of doing business and other macroeconomic disruptions.
Risks Relating to Compliance with Law, Government Regulation and Litigation
Our business with various governmental entities is subject to the policies, priorities, regulations, mandates and funding levels of such governmental entities and may be negatively or positively impacted by any change thereto.
We are subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations relating to various aspects of our business, including with respect to our launch system operations, employment and labor, health care, tax, data privacy of the personal information we collect and process and data security of the operational and information technology we use, health and safety, and environmental issues. Laws and regulations at the foreign, federal, state and local levels frequently change and are often interpreted in different ways, especially in relation to new and emerging industries, and we cannot always reasonably predict the impact from, or the ultimate cost of compliance with, current or future regulatory or administrative changes. While we monitor these developments and devote a significant amount of management’s time and external resources towards compliance with these laws, regulations and guidelines, we cannot guarantee that these measures will be satisfactory to regulators or other third parties, such as our customers. Moreover, changes in law, the imposition of new or additional regulations or the enactment of any new or more stringent legislation that impacts our business could require us 
16
Table of 
Contents
to change the way we operate and could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, cash flows and financial condition.
Failure to comply with these laws, such as with respect to obtaining and maintaining licenses, certificates, authorizations and permits critical for the operation of our business, may result in civil penalties or private lawsuits, or the suspension or revocation of licenses, certificates, authorizations or permits, which would prevent us from operating our business. For example, the operation and launch of our spacecraft in the United States require licenses and permits from the FCC and the FAA, as well as review by other agencies of the U.S. Government, including the Department of Defense, Department of State, and NASA. Such license approvals may include an interagency review of safety, operational, national security, foreign policy implications and international obligations, as well as a review of foreign ownership. Any delays in regulatory actions allowing us to conduct our commercial space operations could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results.
If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our proprietary information, trade secrets and know-how, our business and competitive position may be harmed.
To protect our proprietary rights, we rely on a combination of patent protections, copyrights, trade secrets, trademark laws, confidentiality agreements with employees and third parties and protective contractual provisions such as those contained in license agreements with consultants, subcontractors, vendors and customers. 
We consider trade secrets and know-how to be our primary form of intellectual property protection. 
Although we follow processes to protect our intellectual property, there is no absolute assurance that the steps taken to protect our technology will prevent misappropriation or infringement. 
Monitoring unauthorized uses and disclosures is difficult, and we do not know whether the steps we have taken to protect our proprietary technologies will be effective. If any of the suppliers, subcontractors, venture partners, employees and consultants, and other third parties who are parties to these agreements breaches or violates the terms of any of these agreements, we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach or violation, and we could lose our trade secrets as a result. It is also possible that our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information could be obtained by third parties as a result of breaches of our physical or electronic security systems. Even where remedies are available, enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated our trade secrets, like patent litigation, is expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the United States are sometimes less willing to protect trade secrets.
Additionally, despite our efforts to protect our proprietary technology, our trade secrets could otherwise become known or be independently discovered by our competitors. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, we would have no right to prevent them, or those to whom they communicate, from using that technology or information to compete with us.
The U.S. government’s budget deficit and the national debt, as well as any inability of the U.S. government to complete its budget process for any government fiscal year could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
The U.S. government’s budget deficit and the national debt, as well as any inability of the U.S. government to complete its budget process for any government fiscal year and consequently having to shut down or operate on funding levels equivalent to its prior fiscal year pursuant to a “continuing resolution,” could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
Considerable uncertainty exists regarding how future budget and program decisions will unfold, including the defense spending priorities of the U.S. government, what challenges budget reductions will present for the defense industry and whether annual appropriations bills for all agencies will be enacted for U.S. government due to many factors, including but not limited to, changes in the political environment, including before or after a change to the leadership within the government administration, and any resulting uncertainty or changes in policy or priorities and resultant funding. The U.S. government’s budget deficit and the national debt could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in a number of ways, including the following:
•
The U.S. government could reduce or delay its spending on, reprioritize its spending away from, or decline to provide funding for the government programs in which we participate;
•
U.S. government spending could be impacted by alternate arrangements to sequestration, which increases the uncertainty as to, and the difficulty in predicting, U.S. government spending priorities and levels; and
•
We may experience declines in revenue, profitability and cash flows as a result of reduced or delayed orders or payments or other factors caused by economic difficulties of our customers and prospective customers, including U.S. federal, state and local governments.
17
Table of 
Contents
Furthermore, we believe continued budget pressures could have serious negative consequences for the security of the U.S., the defense industrial base and the customers, employees, suppliers, investors and communities that rely on companies in the defense industrial base. Budget and program decisions made in this environment would have long-term implications for us and the entire defense industry.
Our systems utilize third-party open source software, and any failure to comply with the terms of one or more of these open source software licenses could adversely affect our business, subject us to litigation, or create potential liability.
Our systems include software licensed from third parties under any one or more open source licenses, and we expect to continue to incorporate open source software in our systems and technology in the future. Moreover, we cannot ensure that we have effectively monitored our use of open source software, or validated the quality or source of such software, or that we are in compliance with the terms of the applicable open source licenses or our current policies and procedures. From time to time, there have been claims against companies that use open source software in their products and services asserting that the use of such open source software infringes the claimants’ intellectual property rights. As a result, we could be subject to suits by third parties claiming that what we believe to be licensed open source software infringes such third parties’ intellectual property rights. Additionally, if an author or other third party that distributes such open source software were to allege that we had not complied with the conditions of one or more of these licenses, we could be required to incur significant legal expenses defending against such allegations and could be subject to significant damages and required to comply with onerous conditions or restrictions on these solutions, which could disrupt the distribution and sale of these solutions. Litigation could be costly for us to defend, have a negative effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, or require us to devote additional research and development resources to change our solutions. Furthermore, these third-party open source providers could experience service outages, data loss, privacy breaches, cyber-attacks, and other events relating to the applications and services they provide that could diminish the utility of these services, and which could harm our business as a result. In the past, we’ve experienced software vulnerabilities with our software providers. We may continue to experience such vulnerabilities in the future.
Use of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code, including with respect to security vulnerabilities where open source software may be more susceptible. In addition, certain open source licenses require that source code for software programs that incorporate, use or combine with such open source software be made available to the public at no cost and that any modifications or derivative works to such open source software continue to be licensed under the same terms as the open source software license. The terms of various open source licenses to which we are subject have not or may not have been interpreted by courts in the relevant jurisdictions, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to market or provide our software and data. By the terms of certain open source licenses, we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary software, and to make our proprietary software available under open source licenses, if we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner. In the event that portions of our proprietary software are determined to be subject to an open source license, we could be required to publicly release the affected portions of our source code, re-engineer all or a portion of our solutions, or otherwise be limited in the licensing of our solutions, each of which could reduce or eliminate the value of our solutions. Disclosing our proprietary source code could allow our competitors to create similar products with lower development effort and time and ultimately could result in a loss of sales. Furthermore, any such re-engineering or other remedial efforts could require significant additional research and development resources, and we may not be able to successfully complete any such re-engineering or other remedial efforts. Any of these events could create liability for us and damage our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and the market price of our shares.
Additionally, if any of our technology violates proprietary rights, including copyrights and patents, third parties may assert infringement claims against us. Certain software modules and other intellectual property used by us or in our satellites make use of or incorporate licensed software components and other licensed technology. These components are developed by third parties over whom we have no control. Any claims brought against us may result in limitations on our ability to use the intellectual property subject to these claims. We may be required to redesign our satellites or products or to obtain licenses from third parties to continue offering our satellites or products without substantially re-engineering such products or systems.
As a public reporting company, we are subject to rules and regulations established by the SEC regarding our internal control over financial reporting. Our internal controls may not be determined to be effective, which may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our Class A Common Stock and your investment.
We are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to furnish a report by management on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K. This assessment, pursuant to Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, must include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by 
18
Table of 
Contents
our management in our internal control over financial reporting. Additionally, once we are no longer an emerging growth company, pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we will be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to establish or maintain appropriate internal control over financial reporting or implement these additional requirements in a timely manner or with adequate compliance, it could result in material misstatements to our consolidated financial statements, failure to meet our reporting obligations on a timely basis, loss of investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, increases in compliance costs, and subject us to adverse regulatory consequences, all of which may adversely affect investor confidence in, and the value of, our Class A Common Stock.
Any unremediated material weaknesses could result in material misstatements to our future annual or interim consolidated financial statements that might not be prevented or detected on a timely basis, or in delayed filing of required periodic reports. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected and we could become subject to litigation or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources.
We are subject to stringent U.S. export and import control laws and regulations and U.S. economic sanctions and trade control laws and regulations.
We are required to comply with U.S. export control laws and regulations, including ITAR, Bureau of Political Military Affairs’ directorate of Defense Trade controls administered by the U.S. Department of State, and the EAR, administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Industry and Security. Pursuant to these foreign trade control laws and regulations, we are required, among other things, to (i) maintain a registration under ITAR, (ii) determine the proper licensing jurisdiction and export classification of products, software, and technology, and (iii) obtain licenses or other forms of U.S. government authorization to engage in the conduct of space transport. While our policies mandate compliance with applicable international trade, export control laws and financial crimes laws, failure by our employees, agents, subcontractors, suppliers and/or existing or future partners to comply with these and similar laws and regulations and our policies could impact us in various ways that include, but are not limited to, criminal, civil and administrative fines and/or legal sanctions, denial of export privileges, debarment and the inability to bid for or enter into contracts or sub-contracts with U.S. government customers and other entities, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, operations, and financial results.
The inability to secure and maintain necessary export authorizations could negatively impact our ability to compete successfully or to operate our spaceflight business as planned. For example, if we were unable to obtain or maintain our licenses to export certain spacecraft hardware, we would be effectively prohibited from launching our vehicles from certain non-U.S. locations, which would limit the number of launch providers we could use. In addition, if we were unable to obtain a Department of State Technical Assistance Agreement to export certain launch related services, we would experience difficulties or even be unable to perform integration activities necessary to safely integrate our transfer vehicles to non-U.S. launch vehicles. In both cases, these restrictions could lead to higher launch costs which may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. Similarly, if we were unable to secure effective export licensure to authorize the full scope of activity with a foreign partner or supplier, we may be required to make design changes to spacecraft or updates to our supplier chain, which may result in increased costs to us or delays in vehicle launches.
Any changes in the export control regulations or U.S. government licensing policy, such as those necessary to implement U.S. government commitments to multilateral control regimes, may restrict our operations. There is no inherent right to perform an export and given the significant discretion the government has adjudicating such authorizations in furtherance of U.S. national security and foreign policy interests, there can be no assurance we will be successful in our current and future efforts to secure and maintain necessary licenses, registrations, or other U.S. government regulatory approvals.
In addition, U.S. export control laws, including those applicable to sensitive technologies, continue to change. For example, the control lists under the ITAR and the EAR are periodically updated to reclassify specific types of export-controlled technology. For example, any changes to the jurisdictional assignment of controlled data or hardware used by us could result in the need for different export authorizations, each then subject to a subsequent approval. As a result of any changes, we may, despite our compliance efforts, inadvertently act inconsistently with these laws. In such circumstances, our efforts to investigate and disclose an apparent violation to the relevant U.S. government agency could lead to audits, enforcement actions, fines, penalties, remediation costs, and other consequences that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Similarly, should exceptions or exemptions under the EAR or ITAR, respectively, be changed, our activities otherwise authorized via these mechanisms may become unavailable and could result in the need for additional export authorizations. Additionally, changes to the administrative implementation of export control laws at the agency level may suddenly change 
19
Table of 
Contents
as a result of geo-political events, which could result in existing or proposed export authorization applications being viewed in unpredictable ways, or potentially rejected, as a result of the changed agency level protocol.
We depend significantly on U.S. government contracts, which often are only partially funded, subject to immediate termination, and heavily regulated and audited. The termination or failure to fund, or negative audit findings for one or more of these contracts could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Over its lifetime, a U.S. government program may be implemented by the award of many different individual contracts and subcontracts. The funding of U.S. government programs is subject to U.S. Congressional appropriations. In recent years, U.S. government appropriations have been affected by larger U.S. government budgetary issues and related legislation. Furthermore, on January 20, 2025, President Donald J. Trump announced an executive order establishing the “Department of Government Efficiency” to maximize government efficiency and productivity. Pressures on and uncertainty surrounding the U.S. federal government’s budget and potential changes in budgetary priorities, could adversely affect the funding for individual programs and delay purchasing decisions by our customers. Although multi-year contracts may be authorized and appropriated in connection with major procurements, the U.S. Congress generally appropriates funds on a government fiscal year basis. Procurement funds are typically made available for obligation over the course of one to three years. Consequently, programs often initially receive only partial funding, and additional funds are obligated only as the U.S. Congress authorizes further appropriations. We cannot predict the extent to which total funding and/or funding for individual programs will be included, increased or reduced as part of the annual appropriations process ultimately approved by the U.S. Congress and the President of the United States or in separate supplemental appropriations or continuing resolutions, as applicable. The termination of funding for a U.S. government program would result in a loss of anticipated future revenue attributable to that program, which could have an adverse impact on our operations. In addition, the termination of a program or the failure to commit additional funds to a program that already has been started could result in lost revenue and increase our overall costs of doing business.
Generally, U.S. government contracts are subject to oversight audits by U.S. government representatives. Such audits could result in adjustments to our contract costs. Any costs found to be improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be reimbursed, and such costs already reimbursed must be refunded. We have recorded contract revenue based on costs we expect to realize upon final audit. However, we do not know the outcome of any future audits and adjustments, and we may be required to materially reduce our revenue or profits upon completion and final negotiation of audits. Negative audit findings could also result in termination of a contract, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines or suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracting or subcontracting for a period of time.
In addition, U.S. government contracts generally contain provisions permitting termination, in whole or in part, without prior notice at the U.S. government’s convenience upon payment only for work done and commitments made at the time of termination. For some contracts, we are a subcontractor and not the prime contractor, and in those arrangements, the U.S. government could terminate the prime contractor for convenience without regard for our performance as a subcontractor. We can give no assurance that one or more of our U.S. government contracts will not be terminated under those circumstances. Also, we can give no assurance that we would be able to procure new contracts to offset the revenue or backlog lost as a result of any termination of our U.S. government contracts. Because a significant portion of our revenue is dependent on our performance and payment under our U.S. government contracts, the loss of one or more large contracts could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
Our contracts and services with the U.S. government are also subject to specific procurement regulations and a variety of socioeconomic and other requirements, including the 
procurement policies and procedures set forth in the FAR. FAR governs all aspects of government contracting, including contractor qualifications and acquisition procedures. 
These requirements, although customary in U.S. government contracts, increase our performance and compliance costs. These costs might increase in the future, thereby reducing our margins, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, the U.S. government has and may continue to implement initiatives focused on efficiencies, affordability and cost growth and other changes to its procurement practices. These initiatives and changes to procurement practices may change the way U.S. government contracts are solicited, negotiated and managed, which may affect whether and how we pursue opportunities to provide our products and services to the U.S. government, including the terms and conditions under which we do so, which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For example, contracts awarded under the Department of Defense’s Other Transaction Authority for research and prototypes generally require cost-sharing and may not follow, or may follow only in part, standard U.S. government contracting practices and terms, such as the Federal Acquisition Regulation and Cost Accounting Standards.
Failure to comply with applicable regulations and requirements could lead to fines, penalties, repayments, or compensatory or treble damages, or suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracting or subcontracting for a period of time. Among the causes for debarment are violations of various laws and regulations, including those related to procurement integrity, export control (including ITAR), U.S. government security, employment practices, protection of the environment, 
20
Table of 
Contents
accuracy of records, proper recording of costs and foreign corruption. The termination of a U.S. government contract or relationship as a result of any of these acts would have an adverse impact on our operations and could have an adverse effect on our standing and eligibility for future U.S. government contracts.
Uncertain macro-economic and political conditions could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Our results of operations are materially affected by economic and political conditions in the U.S. and internationally, including inflation, deflation, interest rates, availability of capital, energy and commodity prices, trade laws and the effects of governmental initiatives to manage economic conditions. Current or potential customers may delay or decrease spending on our products and services as their business and/or budgets are impacted by economic and political conditions. The inability of current and potential customers to pay us for our products and services may adversely affect our earnings and cash flows.
The current invasion of Ukraine by Russia has escalated tensions among the U.S., the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (“NATO”) and Russia. The U.S. and other NATO member states, as well as non-member states, have announced new sanctions against Russia and certain Russian banks, enterprises and individuals. These and any future additional sanctions and any resulting conflict between Russia, the U.S. and NATO countries could have an adverse impact on our current operations.
Further, such invasion, ongoing military conflict, resulting sanctions and related countermeasures by NATO states, the U.S. and other countries have led, and are likely to continue to lead, to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions for equipment, which could have an adverse impact on our operations and financial performance.
Risks Relating to Our Capital Resources
Our indebtedness could expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Our indebtedness could have significant negative consequences for our security holders, business, financial condition, and results of operations by, among other things:
•
increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions;
•
limiting our ability to obtain additional financing;
•
requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our indebtedness, which will reduce the amount of cash available for other purposes;
•
limiting our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business; and
•
placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage with competitors that are less leveraged than us or have better access to capital.
Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, pay cash interest on, or refinance our indebtedness, including our Convertible Notes (defined herein), or any indebtedness that we may incur in the future, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive, and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to service our indebtedness and to make necessary capital expenditures, and we may otherwise be unable to maintain sufficient cash reserves to fund our current obligations or any additional indebtedness that we may incur. For example, in connection with the Lanteris acquisition, we entered into a Waiver, Consent, Amendment and Assignment Agreement with ING Belgium NV/SA (“ING”) and certain affiliates of Lanteris, pursuant to which the Company became a guarantor under the Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement (the “Orbital Receivables Purchase Facility”). Under the facility, through December 1, 2026, ING may purchase certain orbital payment receivables of Lanteris on a discretionary, transaction-by-transaction basis, up to an aggregate maximum of $250.0 million. If a customer prepays a receivable that has been purchased by ING, Lanteris is required to make a contractual make-whole payment based on a net present value formula.
Our actual results may differ significantly from our earnings guidance.
From time to time, we have released, and may continue to release, guidance in our quarterly earnings releases, quarterly earnings conference calls, or otherwise, regarding our future performance that represents our management’s estimates as of the date of release. This guidance, which includes forward-looking statements, has been and will be based on projections prepared by our management. These projections are prepared solely by management and have not been compiled, 
21
Table of 
Contents
examined, or reviewed by our registered public accountants or any other independent party, and no assurance is provided with respect to such information.
Projections are based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that, while presented with numerical specificity, are inherently subject to significant business, economic, and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control and are based upon specific assumptions with respect to future business decisions, some of which will change. The rapidly evolving market in which we operate may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and our future prospects, including our ability to plan for and model future growth. We intend to state possible outcomes as high and low ranges which are intended to provide a sensitivity analysis as variables are changed. However, actual results will vary from our guidance and the variations may be material. The principal reason that we release guidance is to provide a basis for our management to discuss our business outlook as of the date of release with analysts and investors. We do not accept any responsibility for any projections or reports published by any such persons. Investors are urged not to rely upon our guidance in making an investment decision regarding our common stock.
Any failure to successfully implement our operating strategy or the occurrence of any of the events or circumstances set forth in this “
Risk Factors
” section could result in our actual operating results being different from our guidance, and the differences may be adverse and material.
Our operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter.
We expect our revenue and operating results to vary from quarter to quarter. Reductions in revenue in a particular quarter could lead to lower profitability in that quarter because a relatively large amount of our expenses are fixed in the short-term. We may incur significant operating expenses during the start-up and early stages of large contracts and may not be able to recognize corresponding revenue in that same quarter. We may also incur additional expenses when contracts are terminated or expire and are not renewed. We may also incur additional expenses when companies are newly acquired.
In addition, payments due to us from our customers may be delayed due to billing cycles or as a result of failures of government budgets to gain congressional and administration approval in a timely manner. The U.S. government’s fiscal year ends September 30. If a federal budget for the next federal fiscal year has not been approved by that date in each year, our customers may have to suspend engagements that we are working on until a budget has been approved. Any such suspensions may reduce our revenue in the fourth quarter of the federal fiscal year or the first quarter of the subsequent federal fiscal year. The U.S. government’s fiscal year end can also trigger increased purchase requests from customers for equipment and materials.
Any increased purchase requests we receive as a result of the U.S. government’s fiscal year end would serve to increase our third or fourth quarter revenue, but will generally decrease profit margins for that quarter, as these activities generally are not as profitable as our typical offerings.
Additional factors that may cause our financial results to fluctuate from quarter to quarter include those addressed elsewhere in this “
Risk Factors
” section and the following factors, among others:
•
the terms of customer contracts that affect the timing of revenue recognition;
•
variability in demand for our services and solutions;
•
commencement, completion or termination of contracts during any particular quarter;
•
timing of shipments and product deliveries;
•
timing of award or performance incentive fee notices;
•
timing of significant bid and proposal costs;
•
the costs of remediating unknown defects, errors or performance problems of our product offerings;
•
variable purchasing patterns under blanket purchase agreements and other indefinite delivery/ indefinite quantity contracts;
•
restrictions on and delays related to the export of defense articles and services;
•
costs related to government inquiries;
•
strategic decisions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions, divestitures, spin-offs and joint ventures;
•
strategic investments or changes in business strategy;
•
changes in the extent to which we use subcontractors;
22
Table of 
Contents
•
seasonal fluctuations in our staff utilization rates;
•
changes in our effective tax rate, including changes in our judgment as to the necessity of the valuation allowance recorded against our deferred tax assets; and
•
the length of sales cycles.
Significant fluctuations in our operating results for a particular quarter could cause us to fall out of compliance with the financial covenants related to our debt, which if not waived, could restrict our access to capital and cause us to take extreme measures to pay down the debt, if any.
Changes in our accounting estimates and assumptions could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial position.
We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”). These accounting principles require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements. We are also required to make certain judgments that affect the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during each reporting period. We periodically evaluate our estimates and assumptions including, but not limited to, those relating to revenue recognition, recoverability of assets, valuation of derivatives and nonredeemable non-controlling interests, contingencies, stock-based compensation and income taxes. We base our estimates on historical experience and various assumptions that we believe to be reasonable based on specific circumstances. These assumptions and estimates involve the exercise of judgment and discretion, which may evolve over time in light of operational experience, regulatory direction, developments in accounting principles and other factors. Actual results could differ from these estimates as a result of changes in circumstances, assumptions, policies or developments in the business, which could materially affect our consolidated financial statements.
Pension and other postretirement benefit obligations may materially impact our earnings, stockholders’ equity and cash flows from operations, and could have significant adverse impacts in future periods.
Lanteris maintains defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefits plans for some of our employees. Potential pension contributions include discretionary contributions to improve the plans’ funded status. The extent of future contributions depends heavily on market factors such as the discount rate and the actual return on plan assets. We estimate future contributions to these plans using assumptions with respect to these and other items. Changes to those assumptions could have a significant effect on future contributions, annual pension and other postretirement costs, the value of plan assets and our benefit obligations.
Significant changes in actual return on pension assets, discount rates and other factors could adversely affect our results of operations and require cash pension contributions in future periods. Changes in discount rates and actual asset returns different than our expected asset returns can result in significant non-cash actuarial gains or losses which we record in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and, if applicable, in any quarter in which an interim re-measurement is triggered. With regard to cash pension contributions, funding requirements for our pension plans are largely dependent upon interest rates, actual investment returns on pension assets and the impact of legislative or regulatory changes related to pension funding obligations.
We also provide other postretirement benefits to certain of our employees, consisting principally of health care, dental and life insurance for eligible retirees and qualifying dependents. Our estimates of future costs associated with these benefits are also subject to assumptions, including estimates of the level of medical cost increases and discount rates.
Risks Relating to Our Convertible Notes
We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of the Convertible Notes in cash or to repurchase the Convertible Notes upon a fundamental change, and our future debt may contain limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion or repurchase of the Convertible Notes.
Holders of our Convertible Notes have the right, subject to certain conditions and limited exceptions, to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. In addition, upon conversion of the Convertible Notes, unless we elect to deliver solely shares of our Class A Common Stock to settle such conversion (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we will be required to make cash payments in respect of the Convertible Notes being converted. However, we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to make repurchases of Convertible Notes surrendered therefor, pay cash with respect to notes being converted. In addition, our ability to repurchase the Convertible Notes and to pay cash upon conversions of the Convertible Notes may be limited by law, by regulatory authority or by 
23
Table of 
Contents
agreements governing our future indebtedness. Our failure to repurchase notes at a time when the repurchase is required by the indenture or to pay any cash payable on future conversions of the Convertible Notes as required by the indenture would constitute a default under the indenture. A default under the indenture governing the Convertible Notes or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing our future indebtedness and could trigger cross-defaults and cross-acceleration with other debt. If the repayment of the related indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay the indebtedness and repurchase the Convertible Notes or make cash payments upon conversions thereof.
The conditional conversion feature of the Convertible Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
In the event the conditional conversion feature of the Convertible Notes is triggered, holders of Convertible Notes will be entitled to convert their Convertible Notes at any time during specified periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their Convertible Notes, unless we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our Class A Common Stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we would be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation through the payment of cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, even if holders do not elect to convert their Convertible Notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the Convertible Notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital.
Conversions of the Convertible Notes may dilute the ownership interest of our stockholders or may otherwise depress the price of our Class A Common Stock.
The conversion of some or all of the Convertible Notes may dilute the ownership interests of our stockholders. Upon conversion of the Convertible Notes, we have the option to pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of our Class A Common Stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our Class A Common Stock. If we elect to settle our conversion obligation in shares of our Class A Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of our Class A Common Stock, any sales in the public market of our Class A Common Stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our Class A Common Stock.
The capped call transactions may affect the value of the Convertible Notes and our Class A Common Stock.
In connection with the pricing of the Convertible Notes, we entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions with certain option counterparties. The capped call transactions cover, subject to customary adjustments, the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock initially underlying the Convertible Notes. The capped call transactions are intended to reduce the potential dilution to our Class A Common Stock upon any conversion of Convertible Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. 
In connection with these transactions, the option counterparties or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our Class A Common Stock and/or purchasing or selling our Class A Common Stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions following the pricing of the Convertible Notes and prior to the maturity of the Convertible Notes (and are likely to do so during any observation period prior to the maturity date of the Convertible Notes, or, to the extent we exercise the relevant termination election under the capped call transactions, following any repurchase, redemption or conversion of the Convertible Notes). This activity could also cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our Class A Common Stock or the Convertible Notes, which could affect the ability of holders to convert the Convertible Notes and, to the extent the activity occurs during any observation period related to a conversion of Convertible Notes, it could affect the number of shares of Class A Common Stock, if any, and value of the consideration that holders will receive upon conversion of the Convertible Notes.
The potential effect, if any, of these transactions and activities on the market price of our Class A Common Stock or the Convertible Notes will depend in part on market conditions and cannot be ascertained at this time. Any of these activities could adversely affect the value of our Class A Common Stock and the value of the Convertible Notes (and as a result, the value of the consideration or the amount of cash and/or the number of shares, if any, that holders would receive upon the conversion of any notes) and, under certain circumstances, the ability of holders to convert their notes. 
In addition, if any such capped call transactions fail to become effective, the option counterparties or their respective affiliates may unwind their hedge positions with respect to our Class A Common Stock, which could adversely affect the value of our Class A Common Stock and the value of the Convertible Notes.
24
Table of 
Contents
We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the capped call transactions.
The option counterparties are financial institutions, and we are subject to the risk that any or all of them might default under the capped call transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the option counterparties is not secured by any collateral.
If an option counterparty becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at that time under the capped call transaction with such option counterparty. Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, an increase in our exposure will be correlated to an increase in the market price and in the volatility of our Class A Common Stock. In addition, upon a default by an option counterparty, we may suffer more dilution than we currently anticipate with respect to our Class A Common Stock. We can provide no assurances as to the financial stability or viability of the option counterparties.
Risks Relating to Our Organizational Structure
Our principal asset is our interest in Intuitive Machines, LLC, and, accordingly, we will depend on distributions from Intuitive Machines, LLC to pay our taxes and expenses, including payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, and to pay dividends. Intuitive Machines, LLC’s ability to make such distributions may be subject to various limitations and restrictions.
We are a holding company and have no material assets other than our equity interest in Intuitive Machines, LLC. As such, we have no independent means of generating revenue or cash flow, and our ability to pay our taxes and operating expenses, declare and pay dividends in the future, and otherwise service our debt, including the Convertible Notes, are dependent upon the financial results and cash flows of Intuitive Machines, LLC and its subsidiaries and distributions we receive from Intuitive Machines, LLC. Intuitive Machines, LLC and its subsidiaries may not generate sufficient cash flow to distribute funds to us and applicable state law and contractual restrictions, including negative covenants in our debt instruments, may not permit such distributions.
We anticipate that Intuitive Machines, LLC will continue to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, as such, will not be subject to any entity-level U.S. federal income tax. Instead, taxable income will be allocated to holders of interests in I
ntuitive Machines, LLC, including us. Accordingly, we will incur income taxes on our allocable share of any net taxable income of Intuitive Machines, LLC. Under the terms of the Amended and Restated (“A&R”) Operating Agreement, Intuitive Machines, LLC is obligated, subject to various limitations and restrictions, including with respect to any applicable credit agreements, to make tax distributions to holders of Intuitive Machines, 
LLC Common Units and Series A Preferred Units, including us. In addition to tax expenses, we will also incur expenses related to our operations, including payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, which we expect could be significant.
We intend, as its managing member, to cause In
tuitive Machines, LLC to make (i) pro rata tax distributions to the members of Intuitive Machines, LLC (“Intuitive Machine Members”) in an amount sufficient to fund all or part of their tax obligations in respect of taxable income allocated to them and to cover our tax obligations, other than with respect to income allocated to the Series A Preferred Units, but including payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement, (ii) additional tax distributions to us to the extent necessary to cover our tax obligations with respect to income from the Series A Preferred Units and (iii) distributions to us to pay our operating ex
penses and to fund any dividends, including dividends made on the Series A Preferred Stock. However, Intuitive Machines, LLC’s ability to make such distributions may be subject to various limitations and restrictions, such as restrictions on distributions that would either violate any contract or agreement to which Intuitive Machines, LLC is then a party, including debt agreements, or any applicable law, or that would have the effect of rendering Intuitive Machines, LLC insolvent. If we do not have sufficient funds to pay our tax or other liabilities or to fund our operations (including, if applicable, as a result of an acceleration of our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement), we may have to borrow funds, which could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition and subject us to various restrictions imposed by any such lenders. To the extent that we are unable to make timely payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for any reason, such payments generally will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid; provided, however, that nonpayment for a specified period may constitute a material breach of a material obligation under the Tax Receivable Agreement resulting in a termination of the Tax Receivable Agreement and the acceleration of payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement.
Under the A&R Operating Agreement, we intend to cause Intuitive Machines, LLC, from time to time, to make pro rata distributions in cash to each holder of Intuitive Machines, LLC Common Units (including us) in amounts at least sufficient to cover the taxes imposed on their allocable share of net taxable income of Intuitive Machines, LLC. As a result of (i) potential differences in the amount of net taxable income allocable to us and to Intuitive Machines, LLC’s other members, (ii) the lower tax rate applicable to corporations compared to individuals, and (iii) certain tax benefits that we anticipate from (a) future purchases or redemptions of Intuitive Machines, LLC Common Units from the Intuitive Machines Members (other than us) and (b) payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, these cash distributions may be in amounts that 
25
Table of 
Contents
exceed our actual tax liabilities with respect to the relevant taxable year, including our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Our Board will determine the appropriate uses for any such excess cash, which may include, among other uses, the payment of obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement and the payment of other expenses. We will have no obligation to distribute such cash (or other available cash) to our stockholders. No adjustments to the exchange ratio for Intuitive Machines, LLC Common Units and corresponding shares of Class A Common Stock will be made as a result of any cash distribution by us or any retention of cash by us, and in any event the ratio will remain one-to-one. To the extent we do not distribute such excess cash as dividends on our stock, we may take other actions with respect to such excess cash, for example, holding such excess cash, or lending it (or a portion thereof) to Intuitive Machines, LLC, which may result in shares of our Class A Common Stock increasing in value relative to the value of Intuitive Machines, LLC Common Units. Following such loan or a contribution of such excess cash to Intuitive Machines, LLC, we may, but are not required to, make an adjustment to the outstanding number of Intuitive Machine, LLC Common Units held by the Intuitive Machines Members (other than us). In the absence of such adjustment, the Intuitive Machines Members may benefit from any value attributable to such cash and/or loan balances if they acquire shares of Class A Common Stock in exchange for their Intuitive Machines, LLC Common Units, notwithstanding that such holders may have participated previously as holders of Intuitive Machines, LLC Common Units in distributions that resulted in such excess cash balances.
The Tax Receivable Agreement with the TRA Holders (as defined below) requires us to make cash payments to them in respect of certain tax benefits to which we may become entitled, and we expect that the payments we will be required to make will be substantial.
We are party to a Tax Receivable Agreement with Intuitive Machines, LLC and certain Intuitive Machines Members (the “TRA Holders”). Under the Tax Receivable Agreement, we are required to make cash payments to the TRA Holders equa
l to 85% of the
 amount of cash tax savings, if any, that we actually realize, or in certain circumstances are deemed to realize (calculated using certain assumptions), as a result of the Existing Basis, Basis Adjustments and Interest Deductions (each as defined below). The actual amount of cash tax savings will depend on, among other things, changes in the relevant tax law, whether we earn sufficient taxable income to realize all tax benefits that are subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement and the timing of any future redemptions or exchanges of Intuitive Machines, LLC Common Units. We will depend on cash distributions from Intuitive Machines, LLC to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Any payments made by us to the TRA Holders under the Tax Receivable Agreement will generally reduce the amount of cash that might have otherwise been available to us. Due to the uncertainty of various factors, we cannot precisely quantify the likely tax benefits we will realize as a result of the purchase of Intuitive Machines, LLC Common Units and Intuitive Machines, LLC Common Unit exchanges, and the resulting amounts we are likely to pay out to the TRA Holders pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement; however, we estimate that such payments will be substantial.
The payment obligation is an obligation of us and not of Intuitive Machines, LLC. Any payments made by us to the TRA Holders under the Tax Receivable Agreement will not be available for reinvestment in our business and will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to us. To the extent that we are unable to make timely payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for any reason, such payments will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid by us. Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement are not conditioned upon one or more of the TRA Holders maintaining a continued ownership interest in Intuitive Machines, LLC or us. Furthermore, if we experience a Change of Control (as defined under the A&R Operating Agreement), which includes certain mergers, asset sales and other forms of business combinations, we would be obligated to make an immediate payment, and such payment may be significantly in advance of, and may materially exceed, the actual realization, if any, of the future tax benefits to which the payment relates. This payment obligation could (i) make us a less attractive target for an acquisition, particularly in the case of an acquirer that cannot use some or all of the tax benefits that are the subject of the Tax Receivable Agreement and (ii) result in holders of our Class A Common Stock receiving substantially less consideration in connection with a change of control transaction than they would receive in the absence of such obligation. Accordingly, the TRA Holders’ interests may conflict with those of the holders of our Class A Common Stock. 
In addition, decisions we make in the course of running our business, such as with respect to mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other changes in control, may influence the timing and amount of payments made under the Tax Receivable Agreement. For example, the earlier disposition of assets following a redemption or exchange of Intuitive Machines, LLC Common Units may accelerate the recognition of associated tax benefits for which we would be required to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement and increase the present value of such payments, and the disposition of assets before a redemption or exchange of Intuitive Machines, LLC Common Units may increase the tax liability of the TRA Holders (or their transferees or assignees) without giving rise to any rights to receive payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement with respect to tax attributes associated with such assets.
The ability to generate tax assets covered by the Tax Receivable Agreement, and the actual use of any resulting tax benefits, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of redemptions or exchanges of Intuitive Machines, LLC Common Units by, or purchases of Intuitive Machines, LLC Common Units from, the TRA Holders (or their transferees or other 
26
Table of 
Contents
assignees), the price of our Class A Common Stock at the time of the redemption, exchange or purchase, the extent to which such redemptions, exchanges or purchases are taxable, the amount and timing of the taxable income allocated to us or otherwise generated by us in the future; the tax rates and laws then applicable and the portion of our payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement constituting imputed interest.
In certain cases, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement to the TRA Holders may be accelerated and/or significantly exceed any actual benefits we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement.
The Tax Receivable Agreement provides that if (i) we materially breach any of our material obligations thereunder or the Tax Receivable Agreement is rejected by operation of law, (ii) certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other changes of control were to occur after the Closing Date or (iii) we elect an early termination of the Tax Receivable Agreement, then our obligations, or our successor’s obligations, under the Tax Receivable Agreement to make payments would be accelerated and become immediately due and payable. The amount due and payable in those circumstances is based on the present value (at a discount rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate (“SOFR”) plus 100 basis points) of projected future tax benefits that are based on certain assumptions, including an assumption that we would have sufficient taxable income to fully use all potential future tax benefits that are subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
As a result of the foregoing, we would be required to make an immediate cash payment that may be made significantly in advance of the actual realization, if
 any, of such future tax benefits. We could also be required to make cash payments to the TRA Holders that are greater than 85% of the actual cash tax savings we ultimately realize in respect of the tax benefits that are subject to the Tax Receivable Agree
ment. In these situations, our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement could have a substantial negative impact on our liquidity and could have the effect of deferring or preventing certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other changes of control. We may need to incur debt to finance payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement to the extent our cash resources are insufficient to meet our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement as a result of timing discrepancies or otherwise. We may not be able to fund or finance our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement.
We will not be reimbursed for any payments made to the TRA Holders under the Tax Receivable Agreement in the event that any tax benefits are disallowed.
Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be based on the tax reporting positions that we determine, which are complex and factual in nature, and the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) or another taxing authority may challenge all or part of the tax basis increases or other tax benefits we claim, as well as other related tax positions we take, and a court could sustain such challenge. If the outcome of any such challenge would reasonably be expected to materially affect a recipient’s rights and obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement, then our ability to settle such challenges may be restricted by the rights of the TRA Holders pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement, and such restrictions apply for as long as the Tax Receivable Agreement remains in effect. In addition, we will not be reimbursed for any cash payments previously made to the TRA Holders under the Tax Receivable Agreement in the event that any tax benefits initially claimed by us and for which payment has been made to a TRA Holder are subsequently challenged by a taxing authority and are ultimately disallowed. Instead, any excess cash payments made by us to a TRA Holder will be netted against any future cash payments that we might otherwise be required to make to such TRA Holder under the terms of the Tax Receivable Agreement. However, we might not determine that we have effectively made an excess cash payment to a TRA Holder for a number of years following the initial time of such payment and, if any of our tax reporting positions are challenged by a taxing authority, we will not be permitted to reduce any future cash payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement until any such challenge is finally settled or determined. Moreover, the excess cash payments we made previously under the Tax Receivable Agreement could be greater than the amount of future cash payments against which we would otherwise be permitted to net such excess. As a result, payments could be made under the Tax Receivable Agreement significantly in excess of 85% of the actual cash tax savings that we realize in respect of the tax attributes with respect to a TRA Holder that are the subject of the Tax Receivable Agreement.
If Intuitive Machines, LLC were to become a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we and Intuitive Machines, LLC might be subject to potentially significant tax inefficiencies, and we would not be able to recover payments we previously made under the Tax Receivable Agreement even if the corresponding tax benefits were subsequently determined to have been unavailable due to such status.
We and Intuitive Machines, LLC intend to operate such that Intuitive Machines, LLC does not become a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A “publicly traded partnership” is a partnership, the interests of which are traded on an established securities market or are readily tradable on a secondary market or the substantial equivalent thereof. Under certain circumstances, exercises of the Intuitive Machines, LLC Options, redemptions and exchanges of Intuitive Machines, LLC Common Units pursuant to the Intuitive Machines Members’ redemption and 
27
Table of 
Contents
exchange rights as described under the A&R Operating Agreement or other transfers of Intuitive Machines, LLC units could cause Intuitive Machines, LLC to be treated as a publicly traded partnership. Applicable U.S. Treasury regulations provide for certain safe harbors from treatment as a publicly traded partnership, and we intend to operate so that redemptions, exchanges and other transfers of Intuitive Machines, LLC units qualify for one or more such safe harbors. For example, we intend to limit the number of unitholders of Intuitive Machines, LLC, and the A&R Operating Agreement provides for limitations on the ability of unitholders of Intuitive Machines, LLC to transfer their Intuitive Machines, LLC units and will provide us, as managing member of Intuitive Machines, LLC, with the right to impose restrictions (in addition to those already in place) on the ability of owners of Intuitive Machines, LLC to redeem, exchange or otherwise transfer their Intuitive Machines, LLC units to the extent we believe it is necessary to ensure that Intuitive Machines, LLC will continue to be classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
If Intuitive Machines, LLC were to become a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, significant tax inefficiencies might result for us and for Intuitive Machines, LLC, including as a result of our inability to file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return with Intuitive Machines, LLC. In addition, we may not be able to realize tax benefits covered under the Tax Receivable Agreement, and we would not be able to recover any payments previously made by us under the Tax Receivable Agreement, even if the corresponding tax benefits (including any claimed increase in the tax basis of Intuitive Machines, LLC’s assets) were subsequently determined to have been unavailable.
If we were deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, as a result of our ownership of Intuitive Machines, LLC, applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business.
Under Sections 3(a)(1)(A) and (C) of the Investment Company Act, a company generally will be deemed to be an “investment company” for purposes of the Investment Company Act if (i) it is, or holds itself out as being, engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities or (ii) it engages, or proposes to engage, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and it owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40% of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. We do not believe that we are an “investment company,” as such term is defined in either of those sections of the Investment Company Act.
As the sole managing member of Intuitive Machines, LLC, we control and operate Intuitive Machines, LLC. On that basis, we believe that our interest in Intuitive Machines, LLC is not an “investment security” as that term is used in the Investment Company Act. However, if we were to cease participation in the management of Intuitive Machines, LLC, our interest in Intuitive Machines, LLC could be deemed an “investment security” for purposes of the Investment Company Act.
We and Intuitive Machines, LLC intend to continue to conduct our operations so that we will not be deemed an investment company. However, if we were to be deemed an investment company, restrictions imposed by the Investment Company Act, including limitations on our capital structure and our ability to transact with affiliates, could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business.
We and Intuitive Machines, LLC are controlled by our Founders (as defined below), whose interests may differ from those of our public stockholders.
Our Founders Dr. Kamal Ghaffarian, Stephen Altemus and Timothy Crain and their permitted transferees (collectively, the “Founders”), have control over almost all stockholder decisions because they control a substantial majority of the combined voting power. This may limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters. As of March 11, 2026, our Founders collectively control approximately 52% of the combined voting power of our common stock primarily as a result of their ownership of Class C Common Stock, each share of which is entitled to three votes on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders.
As a result, the Intuitive Machines Founders have the ability to control any action requiring the general approval of our stockholders, including the election and removal of directors and thereby determine corporate and management policies, including potential mergers or acquisitions, payment of dividends, asset sales, amendments to the Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws and other significant corporate transactions for so long as they retain significant ownership of our Class C Common Stock. This concentration of ownership and voting power may also delay, defer or even prevent an acquisition by a third party or other change of control of us and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without their support, even if such events are in the best interests of minority stockholders. This concentration of voting power may have a negative impact on the trading price of Class A Common Stock. 
28
Table of 
Contents
Our Founders are entitled to vote their shares, and shares over which they have voting control, in their own interests, which may not always be in the interests of our stockholders generally. Because our Founders hold their economic interest in our business through Intuitive Machines, LLC, rather than through us, they may have conflicting interests with holders of shares of Class A Common Stock. For example, our Founders may have a different tax position from us, which could influence their decisions regarding whether and when we should dispose of assets or incur new or refinance existing indebtedness, especially in light of the existence of the Tax Receivable Agreement, and whether and when we should undergo certain changes of control within the meaning of the Tax Receivable Agreement or terminate the Tax Receivable Agreement. In addition, the structuring of future transactions may take into consideration these tax or other considerations even where no similar benefit would accrue to us. See “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions—Tax Receivable Agreement.” In addition, our Founders’ ability to effectively control us may discourage someone from making a significant equity investment in us, or could discourage transactions involving a change in control, including transactions in which you as a holder of shares of Class A Common Stock might otherwise receive a premium for your shares over the then-current market price. 
We cannot predict the impact our multi-class structure may have on our stock price.
We cannot predict whether our multi-class structure will result in a lower or more volatile market price of our Class A Common Stock or in adverse publicity or other adverse consequences. Our multi-class capital structure may make us ineligible for inclusion in certain indices, and as a result, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds and other investment vehicles that attempt to passively track these indices will not be investing in our stock. In addition, other stock indices may take similar actions. Given the sustained flow of investment funds into passive strategies that seek to track certain indices, exclusion from certain stock indices would likely preclude investment by many of these funds and would make our Class A Common Stock less attractive to other investors. As a result, the trading price and volume of our Class A Common Stock could be adversely affected. 
Risks Relating to the Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock
Delaware law and the Certificate of Incorporation and our bylaws (the “By-Laws”) contain certain provisions, including anti-takeover provisions, that limit the ability of stockholders to take certain actions and could delay or discourage takeover attempts that stockholders may consider favorable.
The Certificate of Incorporation, By-Laws, and the Delaware General Corporate Law (“DGCL”), contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, or preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable by the Board and therefore depress the trading price of our Class A Common Stock. These provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to take certain actions, including electing directors who are not nominated by the then-current members of the Board or taking other corporate actions, including effecting changes in management. Among other things, the Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws include provisions regarding:
•
the ability of the Board to issue shares of preferred stock, including “blank check” preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer;
•
the limitation of the liability of, and the indemnification of, our directors and officers;
•
the right of the Board to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the Board or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on the Board;
•
the requirement that directors may only be removed from the Board for cause and upon the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the total voting power of the then outstanding capital stock;
•
a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent (except for actions by the holders of Class B Common Stock, Class C Common Stock or as required for holders of any series of preferred stock), which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of stockholders and could delay the ability of stockholders to force consideration of a stockholder proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors;
•
the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the Board, the chairman of the Board or chief executive officer, which could delay the ability of stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors;
•
controlling the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of the Board and stockholder meetings;
•
the requirement for the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3% of the total voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of the voting stock, voting together as a single class, to amend, alter, change or repeal certain provisions in the Certificate of Incorporation which could preclude stockholders from bringing matters before 
29
Table of 
Contents
annual or special meetings of stockholders and delay changes in the Board and also may inhibit the ability of an acquirer to effect such amendments to facilitate an unsolicited takeover attempt;
•
the ability of the Board to amend the By-Laws, which may allow the Board to take additional actions to prevent an unsolicited takeover and inhibit the ability of an acquirer to amend the By-Laws to facilitate an unsolicited takeover attempt; and
•
advance notice procedures with which our stockholders must comply to nominate candidates to the Board or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders’ meeting, which could preclude stockholders from bringing matters before annual or special meetings of stockholders and delay changes in the Board and also may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer’s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us.
These provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in the Board or management.
In addition, as a Delaware corporation, we are generally subject to provisions of Delaware law, including the DGCL. Any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, By-Laws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control could limit the opportunity for stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our Common Stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our Common Stock.
The Certificate of Incorporation designates a state or federal court located within the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings between us and our stockholders, and the federal district courts as the exclusive forum for Securities Act claims, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees.
The Certificate of Incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, any other court located in the State of Delaware with subject matter jurisdiction, will be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, other employee or stockholder of Intuitive Machines, Inc. to it or its stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim against us or our officers or directors arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, (d) any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of the Certificate of Incorporation or the By-Laws or any provision thereof, (e) any action asserting a claim against us or any current or former director, officer, employee, stockholder or agent of Intuitive Machines, Inc. governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the law of the State of Delaware or (f) any action asserting an “internal corporate claim” as defined in Section 115 of the DGCL. The Certificate of Incorporation also provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for the resolutions of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. This provision in the Certificate of Incorporation does not address or apply to claims that arise under the Exchange Act; however, Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. To the extent these provisions could be construed to apply to such claims, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provisions in connection with such claims, and stockholders cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder.
Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities of will be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation described in the preceding paragraph. These exclusive-forum provisions may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees. The enforceability of similar exclusive-forum provisions in other companies’ certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that, in connection with one or more actions or proceedings described above, a court could rule that this provision in the Certificate of Incorporation is inapplicable or unenforceable. If a court were to find these exclusive-forum provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, which could harm its results of operations.
Our business and operations could be negatively affected if it becomes subject to certain claims, litigation or shareholder activism, which could, among other things, cause us to incur significant expense, negatively impact our reputation, hinder execution of business and growth strategy and impact our stock price. 
We may be subject to certain claims, litigation, shareholder activism or other proceedings, which could take many forms or arise in a variety of situations. Securities litigation and stockholder activism, including potential proxy contests, could 
30
Table of 
Contents
result in substantial costs and divert management’s and our Board’s attention and resources from our business. Additionally, the Company has been, and may in the future become, subject to litigation from customers, suppliers or other parties. For example, on November 22, 2024, an alleged successor in interest to a purported former holder of shares of our Series A Preferred Stock (the “Plaintiff”) filed a breach of contract action in the Delaware Court of Chancery alleging that Plaintiff’s predecessor received fewer shares of common stock upon conversion of its shares of Series A Preferred Stock than it was allegedly entitled to receive under the terms of the applicable certificate of designation. The Plaintiff is seeking unspecified contractual damages and equitable relief. Although we believe that we have meritorious defenses and intend to vigorously defend the litigation, we cannot be certain as to the ultimate outcome of this matter or as to any potential losses we may incur, which may be material. In addition, in October 2023, the Civil Division of the U.S. Department of Justice issued a Civil Investigative Demand as part of an investigation into allegations that Lanteris submitted, or caused to be submitted, false claims to the federal government by failing to meet cybersecurity requirements in federal regulations and government contracts issued to Lanteris and made or used false records or statements material to these false claims. Any litigation could give rise to perceived uncertainties as to our future, adversely affect our relationships with service providers and make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel. Also, we may be required to incur significant legal fees and other expenses related to any litigation and activist stockholder matters. Further, our stock price could be subject to significant fluctuation or otherwise be adversely affected by the events, risks and uncertainties of any litigation and stockholder activism. 
We may issue shares of preferred stock in the future, which could make it difficult for another company to acquire us or could otherwise adversely affect holders of Class A Common Stock, which could depress the trading price of our Class A Common Stock.
Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes us to issue one or more series of preferred stock. Our Board has the authority to determine the preferences, limitations and relative rights of the shares of preferred stock and to fix the number of shares constituting any series and the designation of such series, without any further vote or action by our stockholders. Our preferred stock could be issued with voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to the rights of Class A Common Stock. The potential issuance of preferred stock may delay or prevent a change in control of us, discourage bids for Class A Common Stock at a premium to the market price and materially and adversely affect the market price and the voting and other rights of the holders of Class A Common Stock.
Sales of a substantial number of our securities in the public market by our existing securityholders could cause the price of our shares of Common Stock to fall.
Sales of a substantial number of our shares of Class A Common Stock in the public market by our existing securityholders, including through the exercise of registration rights granted by us, or the perception that those sales might occur, could depress the market price of our Class A Common Stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect that such sales may have on the prevailing market price of our Class A Common Stock.
Our issuance of additional capital stock in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, the Equity Incentive Plan or otherwise will dilute all other stockholders.
We expect to issue additional capital stock in the future that will result in dilution to all other stockholders. We expect to grant equity awards to employees and directors under the Equity Incentive Plan. We also intend to raise capital through equity financings in the future. As part of our business strategy, we may acquire or make investments in complementary companies, products or technologies and issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition or investment. Any such issuances of additional capital stock may cause stockholders to experience significant dilution of their ownership interests and the per share value of our common stock to decline.