Company:          Momentus
Ticker:           MNTS
CIK:              0001781162
Accession Number: 0001628280-26-022291
Filing Date:      2026-03-31
Source URL:       https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1781162/000162828026022291/mnts-20251231.htm
Extracted:        2026-05-16T17:29:39.523154Z
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

ITEM 1A. Risk Factors
Investing in our securities involves risks. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before deciding whether to purchase any of our securities. Our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects also could be harmed by risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently believe are not material. If any of these risks actually occur, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. Unless otherwise indicated, references in these risk factors include potential harm to our business, reputation, brand, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. In such event, the market price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to the “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our” refer to Momentus and its subsidiaries.
Risks Related to the Business and Industry of Momentus
We will require substantial additional funding to finance our operations, but adequate additional financing may not be available when we need it, on acceptable terms, or at all.
Momentus had cash and cash equivalents of $12.8 million as of December 31, 2025. We need to raise additional capital to continue our operations and execute on our business plan. Our ability to raise additional capital is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties outside of our control, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful at raising capital when we need it, on acceptable terms, or at all.
To raise additional funding, we may need to sell equity or debt securities in one or more transactions at prices and on terms that are determined from time to time. As an incentive to investors, we may also issue warrants, including pre-funded warrants, as part of these transactions. Our current stockholders will be diluted by the issuance of equity securities or securities convertible into equity securities in connection with these transactions, and the terms of any such transactions may not be favorable to the Company. Any debt financing, if available, may also involve restrictive covenants that could reduce our operational flexibility or profitability.
If we cannot raise funds on acceptable terms, or at all, we may not be able to grow our business, respond to competitive pressures or continue our operations.
We have incurred significant losses in the past, we expect to incur losses in the future, and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability.
We incurred net losses of $30.5 million and $34.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. There is a risk that we may not achieve profitability when expected, or at all, and even if we do, we may not be able to maintain or increase profitability.
Any failure to increase our revenue sufficiently to keep pace with our investments and other expenses, or any future negative cash flow or losses resulting from the operation of our business, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We may not be able to continue as a going concern.
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis of accounting which assumes that we will continue as a going concern, and do not reflect any adjustments that might result if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. The Company’s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company’s ability to generate revenues and raise capital. To date, the Company has not generated sufficient revenues to provide cash flows that enable the Company to finance its operations. 
Management has concluded that its mitigation plans alleviate the substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern for at least one year from the date these consolidated financial statements are issued. See Note 1, Nature of Operations, for a discussion of management’s mitigation plans. 
If management is unable to implement its mitigation plans or otherwise find sources of additional funding, the Company may not be able to continue as a going concern. 
14
Table of Contents
We have delivered customer satellites and payloads into orbit using our service vehicles since 2022, however setbacks experienced during our future missions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operation and could harm our reputation.
The success of our business depends on our ability to successfully and regularly deliver customer satellites and payloads to custom orbits. Our initial mission, Vigoride 3, in May 2022 was a hybrid commercial-demonstration mission on which our vehicle was scheduled to deliver paying customers’ satellites into orbit for the first time. We used a third-party deployer from a partner company to place our first customer satellite in orbit. Our Vigoride 3 spacecraft reached low-Earth orbit and was able to deploy two out of nine customer satellites, but certain anomalies relating primarily to its power systems limited our ability to communicate with and control the vehicle. After that time, the Vigoride 3 deployed five additional customer satellites, but we have been unable to confirm the deployment of the remaining two customer satellites. These issues also prevented Vigoride 3 from performing orbit change maneuvers and technology demonstrations that were part of our program to validate our technology in space and to demonstrate end-to-end in-space transfer and service operations.
We used the Vigoride 5 and Vigoride 6 missions to conduct on-orbit functional testing for the MET and other system elements which were used to assess the performance of the individual components and our overall system. Like the ground test campaigns we conduct, on-orbit tests are designed to address key requirements for thrust, specific impulse, firing duration, lifetime and other performance parameters which help Momentus determine whether the MET and other system elements are performing in accordance with our expectations. Doing so repeatedly, both on the ground and on orbit, enabled Momentus to mature the MET to Technology Readiness Level 9, the highest level.
There are inherent risks involved in the initial use of hardware and complex systems in space given the difficulties of replicating all aspects of the environment and stresses that the system will experience in space during ground-based testing in simulated environments.
While we conducted analysis of the root causes of all anomalies experienced during the three missions, there can be no assurance that we will not experience operational or process failures and other problems on future missions. Any failures, delays, or setbacks, including anomalies experienced in our current or future mission, could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results. 
Our business is subject to the policies, priorities, regulations, mandates and funding levels of governmental entities and may be negatively or positively impacted by any change thereto.
We are subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations relating to various aspects of our business, including with respect to our orbital service vehicles, employment and labor, health care, tax, data privacy of the personal information we collect and process and data security of the operational and information technology we use, health and safety, and environmental issues. Laws and regulations at the foreign, federal, state, and local levels frequently change and are often interpreted in different ways, especially in relation to new and emerging industries, and we cannot always reasonably predict the impact from, or the ultimate cost of compliance with, current or future regulatory or administrative changes. While we monitor these developments and devote a significant amount of management’s time and external resources towards compliance with these laws, regulations and guidelines, we cannot guarantee that these measures will be satisfactory to regulators or other third parties, such as our customers. Moreover, changes in law, the imposition of new or additional regulations or the enactment of any new or more stringent legislation that impacts our business could require us to change the way we operate and could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, cash flows, and financial condition.
Failure to comply with these laws, such as with respect to obtaining and maintaining licenses, certificates, authorizations, and permits critical for the operation of our business, may result in civil penalties or private lawsuits, or the suspension or revocation of licenses, certificates, authorizations, or permits, which would prevent us from operating our business. For example, the operation and launch of our spacecraft in the United States require licenses and permits from the FCC, the FAA, the NOAA, as well as review by other agencies of the U.S. government, including the U.S. Department of Defense, U.S. Department of State, and NASA. Such license approvals may include an interagency review of safety, operational, national security, foreign policy implications, and international obligations, as well as a review of foreign ownership. Any delays in regulatory actions allowing us to conduct our commercial space operations could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results.
No assurance can be given that we will obtain FAA or FCC authorizations or other authorizations that may be necessary to our business in a timely manner. Moreover, there is no guarantee that the FCC, the FAA and other U.S. government agencies will grant the necessary authorizations to operate our spaceflight business as planned. If 
15
Table of Contents
we do not receive these approvals in a timely manner, our financial condition, results of operations, backlog and prospects will be materially adversely affected.
We are dependent on the successful development of our satellite and related technology.
Our current primary research and development objectives focus on the development of satellites, satellite buses, related satellite technologies such as solar arrays and our existing and future OSVs and related technology. If we do not complete development of these vehicles in our anticipated timeframes or at all, our ability to grow our business will be adversely affected. The successful development of our vehicles and related technology involves many uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control, including, but not limited to:
•
timing in finalizing satellite and Orbital Service Vehicle design and specifications;
•
successful completion of test programs and demonstration missions;
•
whether we will receive and the timing of receipt of licenses and government approvals that will allow us to fly our vehicles in space and gather valuable data that will assist in further development of our vehicles; 
•
meeting stated technological objectives and goals for the design on time, on budget and within target cost objectives;
•
our ability to obtain additional applicable approvals, licenses or certifications from regulatory agencies and maintaining current approvals, licenses or certifications;
•
our ability to secure slots on our launch providers’ manifests; 
•
performance of our manufacturing facility despite risks that disrupt productions, such as natural disasters;
•
performance of a limited number of suppliers for certain raw materials and supplied components and their willingness to do business with us;
•
performance of our third-party contractors that support our research and development activities;
•
our ability to protect our intellectual property critical to the design and function of our transport vehicles and other technologies; and
•
our ability to continue funding and maintaining our research and development activities.
We may not be successful in developing new technology, and the technology we are successful in developing may not meet the needs of our customers or potential new customers.
The markets in which we operate are characterized by changing technology and evolving industry standards, and we may not be successful in identifying and marketing products and services that respond to rapid technological change, evolving technical standards and systems developed by others. Our competitors may develop technology that better meets the needs of our customers. If we do not continue to develop, manufacture, and market innovative technologies or applications that meet customers’ requirements, sales may suffer, and our business may not continue to grow in line with historical rates or at all. If we are unable to achieve sustained growth, we may be unable to execute our business strategy, expand our business, or fund other liquidity needs, and our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
We operate in highly competitive industries and in various jurisdictions across the world which may cause us to have to reduce our prices.
Many of our competitors are larger and have substantially greater resources than we have. We may also face competition in the future from emerging low-cost competitors. Competition in the rocket launch, satellite and satellite component businesses is highly diverse, and while our competitors offer different products and services, there is often competition for contracts.
In addition, some of our foreign competitors currently benefit from, and others may benefit in the future from, protective measures by their home countries where governments are providing financial support, including significant investments in the development of new technologies. Government support of this nature greatly reduces the commercial risks associated with rocket launch, satellite and satellite component development activities for these competitors. This market environment may result in increased pressures on our pricing and other competitive factors.
16
Table of Contents
Momentus’ limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate its future prospects and the risks and challenges it may encounter.
We have been focused on developing satellite technology and space transportation, communication, and infrastructure services since 2017. While we have operated since 2017, we have limited operating history in developing and commercializing these technologies and services, particularly at scale. This limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate Momentus’ future prospects and the risks and challenges we may encounter. Momentus faces now and expects to face in the future risks and challenges related to our ability to:
•
raise additional funding;
•
forecast revenue and budget for and manage expenses;
•
attract new customers and retain existing customers;
•
effectively manage growth and business operations, including planning for and managing capital expenditures for current and future vehicles and services, and managing the supply chain and supplier relationships related to current and future vehicles and services;
•
comply with existing and new or modified laws and regulations applicable to our business, including export control regulations;
•
anticipate and respond to macroeconomic changes and changes in the markets in which we operate;
•
maintain and enhance the value of our reputation and brand;
•
develop and protect intellectual property; and
•
integrate and retain talented people at all levels of our organization.
If Momentus fails to address the risks and challenges that we face, including those associated with the challenges listed above as well as those described elsewhere in this “
Risk Factors
” section, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Further, because Momentus has limited historical financial data and operates in a rapidly evolving market, any predictions about our future revenue and expenses may not be as accurate as they would be if we had a longer operating history or operated in a more developed market. Momentus has encountered in the past, and will encounter in the future, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by companies with limited operating histories in rapidly changing industries. If Momentus’ assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties, which we use to plan and operate our business, are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our results of operations could differ materially from our expectations and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
The market for spaceflight and in-space infrastructure services has not been established with precision, is still emerging and may not achieve the growth potential we expect.
The markets for satellite buses, orbital service vehicles and related in-space infrastructure services are emerging, difficult to quantify and subject to significant uncertainty. Our growth depends in part on the expansion of customer demand for these products and services, which may develop more slowly than we expect or not at all. Market adoption depends on factors beyond our control, including launch availability and cost, mission success, customer acceptance, government budgets and procurement activity, regulatory developments and the overall growth of the commercial space economy. In addition, customers may delay or reduce purchases while evaluating competing technologies, providers and business models, particularly with respect to orbital service vehicles and other newer in-space capabilities. If these markets fail to develop as we expect, our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
We may not be able to convert our customer contracts into revenue.
Our customer contracts are cancellable by customers for convenience. If a customer cancels a contract before it is required to pay the last deposit prior to launch, we may not receive all potential revenue from these orders, except for an initial non-refundable deposit which is typically due at the time the contract is signed. In certain situations, Momentus may decide to refund customer deposits, even though it is not contractually required, to maintain goodwill with customers.
17
Table of Contents
Our future revenue and operating results are dependent on our ability to generate a sustainable order rate for our products and services and develop new technologies to meet the needs of our customers or potential new customers.
Our financial performance is dependent on our ability to generate a sustainable order rate for our services. This can be challenging and may fluctuate on an annual basis as the number of contracts awarded varies. If we are unable to win new awards or execute existing contracts as expected, our business, results of operations, and financial position could be further adversely affected.
The cyclical nature of the space industry could negatively impact our ability to accurately forecast customer demand. We may not be able to achieve or maintain adequate gross margins or profits in these markets. 
Our growth is dependent on the growth in the sales of services provided by our customers, our customers’ ability to anticipate market trends, and our ability to anticipate changes in the businesses of our customers and to successfully identify and enter new markets. If we fail to anticipate such changes in demand, our business, results of operations, and financial position could be adversely affected.
We have previously experienced, and may experience in the future, delays or other complications in the design, manufacture and commercialization of new rocket launch services, mission services, satellites, satellite components and related technology. If we fail to develop and successfully commercialize new technologies, if we fail to develop such technologies before our competitors, or if such technologies fail to perform as expected, or are inferior to those of our competitors, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted.
We may experience a total loss of our satellites and Orbital Service Vehicle and our customers’ payloads during the launch into space, and any insurance we have may not be adequate to cover our loss.
Although there have been and will continue to be technological advances in spaceflight, it is still an activity with inherent risk. Explosions and other accidents on launch or during flight have occurred and will likely occur in the future. If such incidents should occur, we will likely experience a total loss of our vehicle and our customers’ payloads. The total or partial loss of one or more vehicles or customer payloads could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. For some missions, we can elect to buy launch insurance, which can reduce our monetary losses from the launch failure, but it may not cover all losses associated with launch failure and possible further losses incurred from the inability to test our technology from the result of such failure.
Depending on the circumstances and market conditions, launch insurance may be extremely expensive, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to acquire it on favorable terms, or at all. 
Our business involves significant risks and uncertainties that may not be covered by insurance.
A significant portion of our business relates to designing, developing, and manufacturing advanced space technology products and services. New technologies may be untested or unproven. Failure of some of these products and services could result in extensive property damage. Accordingly, we may incur liabilities that are unique to our products and services.
The amount of insurance coverage that we maintain may not be adequate to cover all claims or liabilities. Existing coverage may be canceled while we remain exposed to the risk and it is not possible to obtain insurance to protect against all operational risks, natural hazards and liabilities.
We have insured against liability to third parties from launch activities as required by law to the extent that insurance was available on acceptable premiums and other terms. The insurance coverage for third-party damages may not be sufficient to cover the liability. In addition, this insurance will not protect us against our own losses, including to our launch support operations, complex, and satellites.
The price and availability of insurance fluctuate significantly. Insurance market conditions or factors outside our control, such as failure of launch vehicles and satellites, could cause premiums to be significantly higher than current estimates and could reduce amounts of available coverage. The cost of our insurance has been increasing and may continue to increase. Higher premiums on insurance policies will reduce our operating income by the amount of such increased premiums. If the terms of insurance policies become less favorable than those currently available, there may be limits on the amount of coverage that we can obtain, or we may not be able to obtain insurance at all.
In addition, even though we carry business interruption insurance policies, any business interruption losses could exceed the coverage available or be excluded from our insurance policies. Any disruption of our ability to operate 
18
Table of Contents
our business could result in a material decrease in our revenues or significant additional costs to replace, repair, or insure our assets, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
Our customers and suppliers face similar threats. Customer or supplier proprietary, classified, or sensitive information stored on our networks is at risk. Assets, intellectual property and products in customer or supplier environments are also inherently at risk. We also have risk where we have access to customer and supplier networks and face risks of breach, disruption, or loss as well.
Satellites are subject to manufacturing and launch delays, damage, or destruction during pre-launch operations, launch failures and incorrect orbital placement, the occurrence of which can materially and adversely affect our operations.
Delays in the manufacturing of satellites, launch delays, damage, or destruction during pre-launch operations, launch failures or incorrect orbital placement could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The loss of, or damage to, a satellite due to a launch failure could result in significant delays in anticipated revenue to be generated by that satellite. Any significant delay in the commencement of service of a satellite would delay or potentially permanently reduce the revenue anticipated to be generated by that satellite. In addition, if the loss of a satellite were to occur, we may not be able to accommodate affected customers with our other satellites until a replacement satellite is available, and we may not have on hand, or be able to obtain in a timely manner, the necessary funds to cover the cost of any necessary satellite replacement. Any launch delay, launch failure, underperformance, delay, or perceived delay could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, business prospects, and financial condition.
If our spacecraft fail to operate as intended, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
The manufacturing, testing, launching and operation of a spacecraft involves complex processes and technology. Our satellites employ advanced technologies and sensors that are exposed to severe environmental stresses that have and could affect the performance of satellites. Hardware component problems and software issues could lead to deterioration in performance or loss of functionality of a spacecraft. In addition, human operators may execute improper commands that may negatively impact a spacecraft’s performance. Exposure of our spacecraft to an unanticipated catastrophic event, such as collision with space debris, could reduce the performance of, or completely destroy, the affected spacecraft.
During any period of time in which a spacecraft is not operational, we may lose most or all of the revenue that otherwise would have been derived from it. Our inability to repair or replace a defective type of spacecraft or correct any other technical problem in a timely manner could result in a significant loss of revenue. If a spacecraft experiences a significant anomaly such that its type is no longer operational, it would significantly impact our business, prospects, and profitability. Additionally, any satellite failures could damage our reputation and ability to obtain future customers for our launch services, prevent us from receiving any payments contingent on a successful launch and increase our insurance rates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects.
Space is a harsh and unpredictable environment where our products and service offerings are exposed to a wide and unique range of environmental risks, including, among others, coronal mass ejections, solar flares and other extreme space weather events and potential collision with space debris or another spacecraft, which could adversely affect our launch vehicle and spacecraft performance.
Although we have some ability to actively maneuver our satellites to avoid potential collisions with space debris or other spacecraft, this ability is limited by, among other factors, uncertainties and inaccuracies in the projected orbit location of and predicted conjunctions with debris objects tracked and cataloged by the U.S. government. Additionally, some space debris is too small to be tracked and therefore its orbital location is completely unknown; nevertheless, this debris is still large enough to potentially cause severe damage or a failure of our launch vehicles or satellites should a collision occur.
Increased congestion from the proliferation of low-Earth orbit constellations could materially increase the risks of potential collision with space debris or another spacecraft and limit or impair our launch flexibility and/or access to our own orbital slots.
In recent years, the number of satellites deployed to low-Earth orbits has increased, and publicly announced plans call for many thousands of additional satellite deployments over the next decade. The proliferation of these low-Earth orbit constellations could materially increase the risks of potential collision with space debris or another spacecraft and affect our ability to effectively access sufficient orbital slots to support the expected growth across our business.
19
Table of Contents
Our revenue, results of operations and reputation may be negatively impacted if our products contain defects or fail to operate in the expected manner.
We sell complex and technologically advanced products and services, including rocket launch services, mission services, satellites and satellite components. Sophisticated software used in our products and services, including software developed by us, may contain defects that can unexpectedly interfere with the software’s intended operation. Defects may also occur in components and products that we manufacture or purchase from third parties. Most of the launch vehicles, satellites and satellite components we have developed must function under demanding and unpredictable operating conditions and in harsh and potentially destructive environments. Our products and services may not be successfully implemented, pass required acceptance criteria, or operate or give the desired output, or we may not be able to detect and fix all defects in the launch vehicles, satellites, satellite components and systems we sell and/or use. 
We employ sophisticated design and testing processes and practices, which include a range of stringent factory and on-site acceptance tests with criteria and requirements that are jointly developed with customers. Our systems may not be successfully implemented, pass required acceptance criteria, or operate or give the desired output, or we may not be able to detect and fix all defects in the satellites, products, hardware, and software we sell or resolve any delays or availability issues in the launch services we procure. Failure to do so could result in increased costs, lost revenue and damage to our reputation and may adversely affect our ability to win new contract awards. 
Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates or future hedging activities could in the future have a negative impact on our business.
We are exposed to foreign exchange risk as certain of our expenses and liabilities are required to be paid in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. We generally maintain our cash and cash equivalents in U.S. dollars or investments denominated in U.S. dollars. Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, which can be unpredictable, could result in disproportionate increases in our expenses and future liabilities as compared to our revenue and current assets. We do not currently, but may in the future, use hedging strategies or seek to maintain a greater portion of our cash and cash equivalents in foreign currencies or investments denominated in foreign currencies to manage and minimize the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on our consolidated financial statements. If we decide to hedge our foreign currency exchange rate exposure, we may not be able to hedge effectively due to lack of experience, unreasonable costs, or illiquid markets.
We rely on a limited number of suppliers for certain raw materials, specialized labor, and supplied components. We may not be able to obtain sufficient raw materials, specialized labor, or supplied components to meet our manufacturing and operating needs or obtain such materials on favorable terms or at all, which could impair our ability to fulfill our orders in a timely manner or increase our costs of production.
Our ability to produce our current and future satellite and vehicle systems and other components of operation is dependent upon sufficient availability of raw materials, specialized subcontracted labor, and supplied components, which we secure from a limited number of suppliers.
Our reliance on suppliers to secure these raw materials, specialized labor, and supplied components exposes us to volatility in the prices and availability of these items. We may not be able to obtain sufficient supplies of raw materials or supplied components on favorable terms or at all, which could result in delays in the manufacture of our vehicles or increased costs.
In addition, we have in the past experienced and may in the future experience delays in manufacturing or operation as we go through the requalification process with any replacement third-party supplier, as well as the limitations imposed by the ITAR, the EAR, or other restrictions on transfer of sensitive technologies and limitations. Moreover, the imposition of tariffs on such raw materials or supplied components could have a material adverse effect on our operations. Prolonged disruptions in the supply of any of our key raw materials or components, difficulty qualifying new sources of supply, implementing use of replacement materials or new sources of supply or any volatility in prices could have a material adverse effect on our ability to operate in a cost-efficient, timely manner and could cause us to experience cancellations or delays of scheduled missions, customer cancellations or reductions in our prices and margins, any of which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Our satellites, vehicles, and related equipment may have shorter useful lives than we anticipate.
A number of factors will impact the useful lives of our satellites and vehicles, including, among other things, the quality of their design and construction, the durability of their component parts and availability of any replacement components, and the occurrence of any anomaly or series of anomalies or other risks affecting the vehicles during launch and in orbit. In addition, any improvements in technology may make obsolete our existing vehicles or any 
20
Table of Contents
component of our vehicles prior to the end of its life. If our vehicles and related equipment have shorter useful lives than we currently anticipate, this may lead to delays in increasing the rate of our commercial payloads, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We expect to face intense competition in satellite production, satellite transport, and related services and other services which we may develop in the space transportation industry.
The space transportation industry is still developing and evolving, but we expect it to be highly competitive. Currently, our primary competitors in delivering small satellites into a specific orbit are small launch vehicle providers such as Firefly and Rocket Lab, as well as orbital transfer and service vehicle providers such as D-Orbit, Exotrail, Impulse Space, Launcher, and Quantum Space. Some companies, such as Rocket Lab and Firefly Aerospace, are developing both small launch vehicles and transfer vehicles.
A number of significant competitors produce satellites, buses, and related technologies in the same class as those offered by Momentus. Significant competitors for satellites, buses, and related technologies include York Space, Terran Orbital, Raytheon Blue Canyon, and Airbus. Many of our current and potential competitors are larger and may have substantially greater resources than we have or may expect to have in the future. They may also be able to devote greater resources to the development of their current and future technologies or the promotion of their offerings or offer lower prices. Our current and potential competitors may also establish cooperative or strategic relationships among themselves or with third parties that may further enhance their resources and offerings. Further, it is possible that domestic or foreign companies or governments, some with greater experience in the aerospace industry or greater financial resources than we possess, will seek to provide products or services that compete directly or indirectly with ours in the future. Any such foreign competitor, for example, could benefit from subsidies from more permissive regulatory requirements in, or other protective measures by, its home country.
We believe our ability to compete successfully in delivering satellites to custom orbit at significantly reduced cost to customers depends on a number of factors, which may change in the future due to increased competition, our ability to meet our customers’ needs and the frequency and availability of our offerings. If we are unable to compete successfully, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
If we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or our intellectual property applications for registration fail to become issued or registered, our competitive position could be impaired.
Our success depends, in significant part, on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights, including our water-based propulsion technology and certain other methodologies, practices, tools, technologies, and technical expertise we utilize in designing, developing, implementing, and maintaining applications and processes used in our vehicles and related technologies. To date, we have relied primarily on trade secrets and other intellectual property laws, non-disclosure agreements with our employees, consultants and other relevant persons and other measures to protect our intellectual property and intend to continue to rely on these and other means. We also try to protect our intellectual property by filing patent applications related to our technology, inventions and improvements that are important to the development of our business. The steps we take to protect our intellectual property may be inadequate.
As of December 31, 2025, we have eight issued patents, four non-U.S. issued patents, and one patent application across U.S., European, and Patent Cooperation Treaty (“PCT”) patent systems. Our pending patent applications may not result in patents being issued, which may have a material adverse effect on our ability to prevent others from commercially exploiting products similar to ours. Momentus cannot be certain that it is the first inventor of the subject matter to which it has filed a particular patent application, or if it is the first party to file such a patent application. If another party has filed a patent application to the same subject matter as Momentus, Momentus may not be entitled to the protection sought by the patent application. Momentus also cannot be certain whether the claims included in a patent application will ultimately be allowed in the applicable issued patent. As a result, Momentus cannot be certain that the patent applications that it files will be issued. Further, the scope of protection of issued patent claims is often difficult to determine.
Patents, if issued, may be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented. If our patents are invalidated or found to be unenforceable, we will lose the ability to exclude others from making, using or selling the inventions claimed. Moreover, an issued patent does not guarantee us the right to use the patented technology or commercialize a product using that technology. Third parties may have blocking patents that could be used to prevent us from developing our product. Thus, patents that we may own in the future may not allow us to exploit the rights conferred by our intellectual property protection. Even if issued, they may not be issued with claims sufficiently broad to protect our technologies or may not provide us with a competitive advantage against competitors with similar technologies. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy our technology and 
21
Table of Contents
use information that we regard as proprietary to create technology that competes with ours. Further, the laws of some countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights in some foreign countries may be inadequate. Momentus’ competitors may also design around Momentus’ issued patents, which may adversely affect Momentus’ business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results.
In addition, although we enter into nondisclosure and invention assignment agreements with our employees, enter into non-disclosure agreements with consultants and other parties with whom we have strategic relationships and business alliances and enter into intellectual property assignment agreements with our consultants and vendors, no assurance can be given that these agreements will be effective in controlling access to and distribution of our technology and proprietary information. Further, these agreements do not prevent our competitors from independently developing technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our products.
Protecting and defending against intellectual property claims may have a material adverse effect on our business.
Our success depends in part upon successful prosecution, maintenance, enforcement and protection of our owned intellectual property. To protect our intellectual property rights, we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect these rights. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights and to protect our trade secrets. Such litigation could be costly, time consuming and distracting to management and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Our inability to protect our technology, as well as any costly litigation or diversion of our management’s attention and resources, could disrupt our business, as well as have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The results of intellectual property litigation are difficult to predict and may require us to stop using certain technologies or offering certain services or may result in significant damage awards or settlement costs. There is no guarantee that any action to defend, maintain or enforce our owned or licensed intellectual property rights will be successful, and an adverse result in any such proceeding could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects.
In addition, we may from time-to-time face allegations that we are infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of third parties, including the intellectual property rights of our competitors. We may be unaware of the intellectual property rights that others may claim cover some or all of our technology or services. Irrespective of the validity of any such claims, we could incur significant costs and diversion of resources in defending against them, and there is no guarantee any such defense would be successful, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, liquidity, and prospects.
Even if these matters do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor or without significant cash settlements, these matters, and the time and resources necessary to litigate or resolve them, could divert the time and resources of our management team and harm our business, our operating results and our reputation.
We may experience warranty claims for failures, schedule delays or other problems with existing or new products.
Many of the products we develop and manufacture are technologically advanced systems that must function under demanding operating conditions. The sophisticated and rigorous design, manufacturing and testing processes and practices we employ do not entirely prevent the risk that we may not be able to successfully launch or manufacture our products on schedule or that our products may not perform as intended.
If our products fail to perform adequately, some of our contracts require us to forfeit a portion of our expected profit, receive reduced payments, provide a replacement product or service or reduce the price of subsequent sales to the same customer. Performance penalties may also be imposed if we fail to meet delivery schedules or other measures of contract performance. We do not generally insure against potential costs resulting from any required remedial actions or costs or loss of sales due to postponement or cancellation of scheduled operations or product deliveries.
We are exposed to risks related to geopolitical and economic factors, laws and regulations and our international business subjects us to numerous political and economic factors, legal requirements, cross-cultural considerations and other risks associated with doing business globally.
Our international business is subject to both U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including, without limitation, laws and regulations relating to export/import controls, sanctions, technology transfer restrictions, government contracts and procurement, data privacy and protection, anti-corruption laws, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the anti-boycott provisions of the U.S. Antiboycott Act of 2018, Part II of the Export Control Reform 
22
Table of Contents
Act security restrictions and intellectual property. Failure by us, our employees, affiliates, partners or others with whom we work to comply with applicable laws and regulations could result in administrative, civil, commercial or criminal liabilities, including suspension or debarment from government contracts or suspension of our export/import privileges. New regulations and requirements, or changes to existing ones in the various countries in which we operate can significantly increase our costs and risks of doing business internationally.
Changes in laws, regulations, political leadership and environment, and/or security risks may dramatically affect our ability to obtain any required regulatory approvals and conduct or continue to conduct business in international markets, including sales to customers and purchases from suppliers outside the United States. We may also be impacted by U.S. and foreign national policies and priorities, political decisions and geopolitical relationships, any of which may be influenced by changes in the threat environment, political leadership, geopolitical uncertainties, world events, bilateral and multi-lateral relationships and economic and political factors, and any of which could impact our operations and/or export authorizations, impair our ability to obtain any required regulatory approvals or delay purchasing decisions or payments and the provision of supplies, goods and services including, without limitation, in connection with any government programs. Global economic conditions and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and tariffs could further impact our business. For example, the tightening of credit in financial markets outside of the United States could adversely affect the ability of our customers and suppliers to obtain financing and could result in a decrease in or cancellation of orders for our products and services or impact the ability of our customers to make payments. In particular, the imposition (or threatened imposition) of tariffs by the U.S. government and countermeasures that were, and may be taken, in response thereto could materially adversely impact global economic and political conditions, and disrupt the business of our customers and suppliers, and thereby harm our business. 
We also increasingly are dependent on in-country suppliers and we face risks related to their failure to perform in accordance with the contracts and applicable laws, particularly where we rely on a sole source supplier. The services we provide internationally are sometimes in countries with unstable governments, economic or fiscal challenges, military or political conflicts and/or developing legal systems. This may increase the risk to our employees, subcontractors or other third parties, and/or increase the risk of a wide range of liabilities, as well as loss of property or damage to our products.
The occurrence and impact of these factors is difficult to predict, but one or more of them could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
Data breaches or incidents involving our technology could damage our business, reputation and brand and substantially harm our business and results of operations.
If our data and network infrastructure were to fail, or if we were to suffer an interruption or degradation of services in our data center, third-party cloud, and other infrastructure environments, we could lose important manufacturing and technical data, which could harm our business. Our facilities, as well as the facilities of third-parties that maintain or have access to our data or network infrastructure, are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, cyber security attacks, terrorist attacks, power losses, telecommunications failures and similar events. In the event that our or any third-party provider’s systems or service abilities are hindered by any of the events discussed above, our ability to operate may be impaired. A decision to close facilities without adequate notice, or other unanticipated problems, could adversely impact our operations. Any of the aforementioned risks may be augmented if our or any third-party provider’s business continuity and disaster recovery plans prove to be inadequate. Our data center, third-party cloud, and managed service provider infrastructure also could be subject to break-ins, cyber-attacks, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and other misconduct, from a spectrum of actors ranging in sophistication from threats common to most industries to more advanced and persistent, highly organized adversaries. Any security breach, including personal data breaches, or incident, including cybersecurity incidents, that we experience could result in unauthorized access to, misuse of or unauthorized acquisition of our internal sensitive corporate data, such as financial data, intellectual property, or data related to contracts with commercial or government customers or partners. Such unauthorized access, misuse, acquisition, or modification of sensitive data may result in data loss, corruption or alteration, interruptions in our operations or damage to our computer hardware or systems or those of our employees and customers. Moreover, negative publicity arising from these types of disruptions could damage our reputation. We may not carry sufficient business interruption insurance to compensate us for losses that may occur as a result of any events that cause interruptions in our service. Significant unavailability of our services due to attacks could cause users to cease using our services and materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.
We use software which we have developed in our technology infrastructure, which we seek to continually update and improve. Replacing such systems is often time-consuming and expensive and can also be intrusive to daily 
23
Table of Contents
business operations. Further, we may not always be successful in executing these upgrades and improvements, which may occasionally result in a failure of our systems. We may experience periodic system interruptions from time to time. Any slowdown or failure of our underlying technology infrastructure could harm our business, reputation and ability to execute on our business plan, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations. Our disaster recovery plan or those of our third-party providers may be inadequate, and our business interruption insurance may not be sufficient to compensate us for the losses that could occur.
We are highly dependent on our senior management team and other highly skilled personnel.
Our success depends, in significant part, on the continued services of our senior management team and on our ability to attract, motivate, develop and retain a sufficient number of other skilled personnel, manufacturing and quality assurance, engineering, design, finance, marketing, sales and support personnel. Certain members of our senior management team have extensive experience in the aerospace industry, and we believe that their depth of experience is instrumental to our continued success. The loss of any one or more members of our senior management team for any reason, including resignation or retirement, could impair our ability to execute our business strategy and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Our operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes our future operating results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations or any guidance we may provide.
Our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes it difficult for us to predict our future operating results. These fluctuations may occur due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including:
•
our ability to successfully test and validate our technology, including through demonstration missions;
•
the number and weight of payloads we are able to schedule for launch during a period;
•
unexpected weather patterns, natural disasters, or other events that force a cancellation or rescheduling of launches;
•
launch vehicle failures which result in cancellation or rescheduling of future launches;
•
the availability and cost of raw materials or supplied components critical for the manufacture and operation of our vehicles;
•
developments involving our competitors;
•
changes in governmental regulations or in the status of our regulatory approvals or applications;
•
future accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting policies; and
•
general market conditions and other factors, including factors unrelated to our operating performance or the operating performance of our competitors.
The individual or cumulative effects of factors discussed above could result in large fluctuations and unpredictability in our quarterly and annual operating results. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful.
This variability and unpredictability could also result in our failing to meet the expectations of industry or financial analysts or investors for any period. If our revenue or operating results fall below the expectations of analysts or investors or below any guidance we may provide, or if any guidance we provide is below the expectations of analysts or investors, the price of our Class A common stock could decline substantially. Such a stock price decline could occur even when we have met any previously publicly stated guidance we may provide.
Momentus’ ability to use its net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited.
As of December 31, 2025, Momentus had $259.6 million of U.S. federal and $103.4 million of state net operating loss carryforwards available to reduce future taxable income. The U.S. federal operating loss carryforwards incurred after 2017 will be carried forward indefinitely for U.S. federal tax purposes. While these federal net operating losses (“NOLs”) can be carried forward indefinitely, California net operating losses begin to expire in the year ending December 31, 2037. It is possible that Momentus will not generate taxable income in time to use these net operating loss carryforwards before their expiration or at all. Under legislative changes made in December 2017, U.S. federal net operating losses incurred in 2018 and in future years may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such net operating losses is limited. In addition, the federal and state net operating loss carryforwards and certain tax 
24
Table of Contents
credits may be subject to significant limitations under Section 382 and Section 383 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (the “U.S. Tax Code”), respectively, and similar provisions of state law. Under those sections of the U.S. Tax Code, if a corporation undergoes an “ownership change,” the corporation’s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change attributes, such as research tax credits, to offset its post-change income or tax may be limited. In general, an “ownership change” will occur if there is a cumulative change in our ownership by “5-percent stockholders” that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. Momentus has not yet undertaken an analysis of whether the Business Combination constitutes an “ownership change” for purposes of Section 382 and Section 383 of the U.S. Tax Code.
We may in the future be subject to substantial litigation, regulatory actions, government investigations, proceedings, and similar actions that could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, or financial condition.
We may in the future be subject to substantial litigation, regulatory actions, government investigations, proceedings, and similar actions including matters related to commercial disputes, intellectual property, employment, securities laws, disclosures, whistleblower, environmental, tax, accounting, class action, and product liability, as well as trade, regulatory, and other claims related to our business and our industry. Such matters can be time-consuming, divert management’s attention and resources, cause us to incur significant expenses or liability or require us to change our business practices. Because of the potential risks, expenses and uncertainties of litigation, we may, from time to time, settle disputes, even where we believe that we have meritorious claims or defenses. Because litigation is inherently unpredictable, we cannot assure you that the results of any of these actions will not have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, or financial condition.
Securities class actions, shareholder derivative actions, and other future litigation matters may be time‑consuming, divert management’s attention and resources, cause the Company to incur significant defense and settlement costs or liability, even if we believe the claims asserted against us are without merit. We intend to vigorously defend against all such claims. While a certain amount of insurance coverage is available for expenses or losses associated with current or future lawsuits, this coverage may not be sufficient. Determining reserves for any litigation is a complex, fact-intensive process that is subject to judgment calls. It is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could require us to make substantial payments to satisfy judgments, fines or penalties or to settle claims or proceedings, any of which could harm our business. Based on information currently available, we are unable to estimate reasonably a possible loss or range of possible losses, if any, with regard to the current securities class actions, shareholder derivative actions and other lawsuits; therefore, no litigation reserve has been recorded in our consolidated balance sheet. Although we plan to defend against the securities class actions, shareholder derivative actions and other lawsuits vigorously, we cannot assure that the results of these actions, either individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, or financial condition.
Natural disasters, unusual weather conditions, epidemic outbreaks, terrorist acts, and political events could disrupt our business and vehicle launch schedules.
The occurrence of one or more natural disasters such as fires, floods and earthquakes, unusual weather conditions, epidemic or pandemic outbreaks, terrorist attacks or disruptive political events where our facilities or the launch facilities our transport partners use are located, or where our third-party suppliers’ facilities are located, could adversely affect our business. Natural disasters including tornados, hurricanes, floods, and earthquakes may damage our facilities, the launch facilities we use or those of our suppliers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Severe weather, such as rainfall, snowfall or extreme temperatures, may impact the ability for launches to occur as planned, resulting in additional expense to reschedule, thereby reducing our sales and profitability. Terrorist attacks, actual or threatened acts of war or the escalation of current hostilities, or any other military or trade disruptions impacting our domestic or foreign suppliers of components of our products, may impact our operations by, among other things, causing supply chain disruptions and increases in commodity prices, which could adversely affect our raw materials or transportation costs. These events also could cause or act to prolong an economic recession or depression in the United States or abroad. To the extent these events also impact one or more of our suppliers or result in the closure of any of their facilities or our facilities, we may be unable to maintain launch schedules or fulfill our other contracts.
Our restructurings and associated organizational changes may not adequately reduce our expenses, may lead to additional workforce attrition, and may cause operational disruptions.
We have experienced workforce attrition in various functions across our business. Our efforts to operate our operations with a limited workforce may not be successful in preventing disruption to our business. A limited workforce, and any further reductions, as well as the perceptions of our vendors, customers, potential customers, and investors regarding these actions, could adversely affect our ability to operate the business and achieve business 
25
Table of Contents
objectives, which could consequently materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and share price. Further loss of one or more of our key employees, additional loss of multiple employees in particular functions, and/or our inability to attract replacement or additional qualified personnel could substantially impair our ability to operate our business and implement our business plan.
The pursuit of additional capital and other strategic alternatives will consume a substantial portion of the time and attention of our management and require additional capital resources which may be disruptive to our business and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We are not able to predict with certainty the amount of time and resources necessary to successfully identify, pursue and execute any strategic alternative or to obtain additional financing. The diversion of management’s attention may materially adversely affect the conduct of our business, and, as a result, our financial condition and results of operations. The additional expense we accrue in connection with our review of strategic alternatives and pursuit of additional capital may materially adversely impact our financial condition and partially offset the value of any strategic plan we may pursue or additional financing we may be able to obtain. In addition, doubts about our ability to continue as a going concern could impact our relationships with customers, vendors and other third parties and our ability to obtain, maintain or renew contracts with them, or negatively impact our negotiating leverage with such parties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, any loss of key personnel, employee attrition or material erosion of employee morale arising out of doubts about our ability to operate as a going concern could have a material adverse effect on our ability to effectively conduct our business and could impair our ability to execute our strategy and implement our business objectives, thereby having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Regulatory Risks
We are subject to stringent U.S. export and import control laws and regulations. Unfavorable changes in these laws and regulations or U.S. government licensing policies, our failure to secure timely U.S. government authorizations under these laws and regulations, or our failure to comply with these laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We are required to comply with U.S. export control laws and regulations, including the ITAR administered by the U.S. Department of State’s Directorate of Defense Trade Controls (“DDTC”) and the EAR administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Industry and Security (“BIS”). Pursuant to these foreign trade control laws and regulations, we are required, among other things, to (i) maintain a registration under the ITAR, (ii) determine the proper licensing jurisdiction and export classification of products, software, and technology, and (iii) obtain licenses or other forms of U.S. government authorization to engage in the conduct of our space transport business. Violations of applicable export control laws and related regulations could result in criminal and administrative penalties, including fines, possible denial of export privileges, and debarment, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, including our ability to enter into contracts or subcontracts for U.S. government customers. U.S. export licenses are required to transfer or make accessible certain of the Company’s products, software and technical information to its non-U.S. employees (“deemed exports”).
The Company has, from time-to-time, self-reported potential violations of export control laws to the Office of Export Enforcement (the “OEE”) of BIS as noted below. While these incidents did not result in any monetary or non-monetary penalties, if we are found to be in violation of export control laws and regulations in the future, we could face civil and criminal liabilities, monetary and non-monetary penalties, the loss of export or import privileges, debarment and/or reputational harm.
The inability to secure and maintain necessary export authorizations could negatively impact our ability to compete successfully or to operate our spaceflight business as planned. For example, if we were unable to obtain or maintain our licenses to export certain spacecraft hardware, we would be effectively prohibited from launching our vehicles from certain non-U.S. locations, which would limit the number of launch providers we could use. In addition, if we were unable to obtain a Technical Assistance Agreement from the DDTC to export certain launch-related services, we would experience difficulties or even be unable to perform integration activities necessary to safely integrate our transfer vehicles to non-U.S. launch vehicles. In both cases, these restrictions could lead to higher launch costs, which may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. Similarly, if we were unable to secure effective export licensure to authorize the full scope of activity with a foreign partner or supplier, we may be required to make design changes to spacecraft or updates to our supplier chain, which may result in increased costs to us or delays in vehicle launches.
Any changes in the export control regulations or U.S. government licensing policy, such as those necessary to implement U.S. government commitments to multilateral control regimes, may restrict our operations. There is no inherent right to perform an export and given the significant discretion the government has in adjudicating such 
26
Table of Contents
authorizations in furtherance of U.S. national security and foreign policy interests, there can be no assurance we will be successful in our current and future efforts to secure and maintain necessary licenses, registrations, or other U.S. government regulatory approvals.
In addition, U.S. export control laws continue to change. For example, the control lists under the ITAR and the EAR are periodically updated to reclassify specific types of export-controlled technology. For example, any changes to the jurisdictional assignment of controlled data or hardware used by Momentus could result in the need for different export authorizations, each then subject to a subsequent approval. Similarly, should exceptions or exemptions under the EAR or the ITAR, respectively, be changed, Momentus’ activities otherwise authorized via these mechanisms may become unavailable and could result in the need for additional export authorizations. Additionally, changes to the administrative implementation of export control laws at the agency level may suddenly change as a result of geo‑political events, which could result in existing or proposed export authorization applications being viewed in unpredictable ways, or potentially rejected, as a result of the changed agency level protocol.
Our business is subject to a wide variety of additional extensive and evolving government laws and regulations. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business.
We are subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations relating to various aspects of our business, including with respect to our space transport operations, employment and labor, health care, tax, privacy and data security, health and safety, and environmental issues. Laws and regulations at the foreign, federal, state and local levels frequently change, especially in relation to new and emerging industries, and we cannot always reasonably predict the impact from, or the ultimate cost of compliance with, current or future regulatory or administrative changes. We monitor these developments and devote a significant amount of management’s time and external resources towards compliance with these laws, regulations, and guidelines, and such compliance places a significant burden on management’s time and other resources, and it may limit our ability to expand into certain jurisdictions. Moreover, changes in law, the imposition of new or additional regulations or the enactment of any new or more stringent legislation that impacts our business could require us to change the way we operate and could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, cash flows, and financial condition.
Failure to comply with these laws or regulations or failure to satisfy any criteria or other requirement under such laws or regulations, such as with respect to obtaining and maintaining licenses, certificates, authorizations and permits critical for the operation of our business, may result in civil penalties or private lawsuits, or result in a delay or the denial, suspension or revocation of licenses, certificates, authorizations or permits, which would prevent us from operating our business. For example, commercial space launches and the operation of our space transport system in the United States require licenses and permits from the FCC and review by other agencies of the U.S. government, including the FAA, the U.S. Department of Defense, and NASA.
License or operational approval can include an interagency review of safety, operational, national security, and foreign policy and international obligations implications, as well as a review of foreign ownership. The FAA denial of Vigoride-1 payload review unrelated to a launch license was the result of national security concerns related to foreign ownership and control that arose during an interagency review. Future denials of similar licenses or operational approvals may occur and could have a material adverse effect on our operations, sales, profitability, cash flows and overall financial condition. In addition, failure of Momentus or its officers to comply with governmental orders or agreements may expose Momentus and its officers to liability or penalties.
Regulation of our industry is still evolving, and new or different laws or regulations could affect our operations, increase direct compliance costs for us or cause any third-party suppliers or contractors to raise the prices they charge us because of increased compliance costs. Application of these laws and regulations to our business may negatively impact our performance in various ways, limiting the collaborations we may pursue, further regulating the export and re-export of our products, services, and technology from the United States and abroad, and increasing our costs and the time necessary to obtain required authorizations. The adoption of a multi-layered regulatory approach to any one of the laws or regulations to which we are or may become subject, particularly where the layers are in conflict, could require alteration of our manufacturing processes or operational parameters which may adversely impact our business. We may not be in complete compliance with all such requirements at all times and, even when we believe we are in complete compliance, a regulatory agency may determine that we are not.
Momentus and its customers and suppliers could be materially impacted by disruptions in U.S. government operations and funding.
 
Any disruptions in federal government operations could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, operational delays, earnings, and cash flows. A prolonged failure to maintain significant U.S. government operations for Momentus, its customers and suppliers, particularly those pertaining to our business, could have a material adverse 
27
Table of Contents
effect on our revenues, operational delays, earnings, and cash flows. Continued uncertainty related to recent and future government shutdowns, the budget and/or the failure of the government to enact annual appropriations, such as long-term funding under a continuing resolution, could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, earnings and cash flows. Additionally, disruptions in government operations may negatively impact regulatory approvals and guidance that are important to our operations.
Changes in U.S. government policy regarding use of commercial data or space infrastructure / mission providers, or material delay or cancellation of certain U.S. government programs, may have a material adverse effect on our customers, suppliers, revenues, operational delays, earnings and cash flow and our ability to achieve our growth objectives.
Current U.S. government policy enables the U.S. government’s use of commercial data, space infrastructure, and mission providers to support U.S. national security objectives. U.S. government policy is subject to change and any change in policy away from supporting the use of commercial data and space infrastructure / mission providers to meet U.S. government service and space infrastructure/mission needs, or any material delay or cancellation of planned U.S. government programs could materially adversely affect our revenue and our ability to achieve our growth objectives.
Contracts with the U.S. government subject us to risks including early termination, audits, investigations, sanctions, and penalties.
We derive revenue from existing contracts with the U.S. government, and we may enter into additional contracts with the U.S. government in the future, which subject our business to statutes and regulations applicable to companies doing business with the government, including the Federal Acquisition Regulation. These government contracts customarily contain provisions that give the government substantial rights and remedies, many of which are not typically found in commercial contracts and which are unfavorable to contractors. For instance, most U.S. government agencies include provisions that allow the government to unilaterally terminate or modify contracts for convenience, and in that event, the counterparty to the contract may generally recover only its incurred or committed costs and settlement expenses and profit on work completed prior to the termination. If the government terminates a contract for default, the defaulting party may be liable for any extra costs incurred by the government in procuring undelivered items from another source.
In addition, government contracts normally contain additional requirements that may increase our costs of doing business, reduce our profits, and expose us to liability for failure to comply with these terms and conditions. These requirements include, for example:
•
specialized disclosure and accounting requirements unique to government contracts;
•
financial and compliance audits that may result in potential liability for price adjustments, recoupment of government funds after such funds have been spent, civil and criminal penalties, or administrative sanctions such as suspension or debarment from doing business with the U.S. government;
•
public disclosures of certain contract and company information; and
•
mandatory socioeconomic compliance requirements, including labor requirements, non-discrimination and affirmative action programs and environmental compliance requirements.
Government contracts are also generally subject to greater scrutiny by the government, which can initiate reviews, audits and investigations regarding our compliance with government contract requirements. In addition, if we fail to comply with government contracting laws, regulations and contract requirements, our contracts may be subject to termination, and we may be subject to financial and/or other liability under our contracts, the Federal Civil False Claims Act (the “False Claims Act”) (including treble damages and other penalties), or criminal law. In particular, the False Claims Act’s “whistleblower” provisions also allow private individuals, including present and former employees, to sue on behalf of the U.S. government. Any penalties, damages, fines, suspension, or damages could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results.
Failure to comply with federal, state and foreign laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection and consumer protection, or the expansion of current or the enactment of new laws or regulations relating to privacy, data protection and consumer protection, could adversely affect our business and our financial condition.
We collect, store, process, and use personal information and other customer data, including medical information, and we rely in part on third parties that are not directly under our control to manage certain of these operations and to collect, store, process and use payment information. Due to the sensitivity of the personal information and data we and these third parties manage and expect to manage in the future, as well as the nature of our customer base, the 
28
Table of Contents
security features of our information systems are critical. A variety of federal, state and foreign laws and regulations govern the collection, use, retention, sharing and security of this information. Laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection and consumer protection are evolving and subject to potentially differing interpretations. These requirements may not be harmonized, may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another or may conflict with other rules or our practices. As a result, our practices may not have complied or may not comply in the future with all such laws, regulations, requirements and obligations. For example, in January 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) took effect, which provides new operational requirements for companies doing business in California. Compliance with the new obligations imposed by the CCPA depends in part on how particular regulators interpret and apply them. If we fail to comply with the CCPA or if regulators assert that we have failed to comply with the CCPA, we may be subject to certain fines or other penalties. On November 3, 2020, voters passed the California Privacy Rights Act, which builds upon the CCPA and expands consumer privacy rights to more closely align with the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) discussed below.
We expect that new industry standards, laws and regulations will continue to be proposed regarding privacy, data protection and information security in many jurisdictions. We cannot yet determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business. Complying with these evolving obligations is costly. For instance, expanding definitions and interpretations of what constitutes “personal data” (or the equivalent) within the United States, the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), and elsewhere may increase our compliance costs and legal liability.
We are also subject to additional privacy rules, many of which, such as the GDPR and national laws supplementing the GDPR, such as in the United Kingdom, are significantly more stringent than those currently enforced in the United States. The law requires companies to meet stringent requirements regarding the handling of personal data of individuals located in the EEA. The law also includes significant penalties for noncompliance, which may result in monetary penalties of up to the higher of €20.0 million or 4% of a group’s worldwide turnover for the preceding financial year for the most serious violations. The GDPR and other similar regulations require companies to give specific types of notice and informed consent is required for certain actions, and the GDPR also imposes additional conditions in order to satisfy such consent, such as bundled consents.
A significant data breach or any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with any federal, state or foreign privacy or consumer protection-related laws, regulations or other principles or orders to which we may be subject or other legal obligations relating to privacy or consumer protection could adversely affect our reputation, brand and business, and may result in claims, investigations, proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others or other penalties or liabilities or require us to change our operations and/or cease using certain data sets. Depending on the nature of the information compromised, we may also have obligations to notify users, law enforcement or payment companies about the incident and may need to provide some form of remedy, such as refunds, for the individuals affected by the incident.
Risks Related to Ownership of our Class A Common Stock
If we fail to comply with the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq we face possible delisting, which would result in a limited public market for our shares and make obtaining future debt or equity financing more difficult for us. 
On September 24, 2024, the Company received a letter from the Listing Qualifications Staff of Nasdaq indicating that the Company was subject to delisting for failure to satisfy Nasdaq’s requirements for continued listing set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the “Minimum Bid Price Requirement”). The Company also had received deficiency letters on May 23, 2024, and August 21, 2024, respectively, from the Staff notifying the Company that the Company had not filed its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the periods ending March 31, 2024, and June 30, 2024, respectively, as required for continued listing on the Nasdaq under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1) (the “Periodic Reporting Requirement”). Pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(d)(2), the failures to comply with the Periodic Reporting Requirement individually became additional and separate bases for delisting.
On October 15, 2024, the Company filed its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2024, and June 30, 2024, resolving the deficiencies related to the Periodic Reporting Requirement. On October 17, 2024, the Company received further notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq notifying the Company that it was not in compliance with the requirements of Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b) as a result of not having a minimum of $2.5 million in stockholders’ equity for continued listing as of June 30, 2024, a market value of listed securities of at least $35.0 million, or net income from continuing operations of $0.5 million in the most recently completed fiscal year or in two of the last three most recently completed fiscal years (the “Equity Rule”).
29
Table of Contents
As permitted by Nasdaq rules, the Company timely requested a hearing before a Nasdaq Hearing Panel to appeal Nasdaq’s delisting determination. The Company requested and received a stay of the suspension of trading and delisting of the Company’s Class A common stock pending the conclusion of the hearing process, which allowed the Company’s Class A common stock to remain listed on Nasdaq at least until the Panel renders a decision following the hearing. The hearing before the Panel was held on November 14, 2024, at which the Company requested a suspension of delisting pending its return to compliance.
The Company called a special meeting of stockholders on December 2, 2024, to approve a reverse stock split to regain compliance with Nasdaq rules. On December 12, 2024, the Company effected a 1-for-14 reverse stock split, and on December 27, 2024, the Company’s Class A common stock closed above the minimum bid price for ten consecutive trading days as required to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement.
On January 13, 2025, the Company received a letter issued by the Panel granting the Company’s request to continue its listing on Nasdaq until April 15, 2025, while the Company executed its plan to regain compliance with the requirements of the Equity Rule.
As disclosed in the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 14, 2025, on April 12, 2025, the Company entered into the Master Services Agreement (the “MSA”) with Velo3D, Inc. (“VLD”), pursuant to which VLD will provide services to design and produce components and systems that will be utilized by the Company or its customers in its spacecraft, systems, and components. In exchange for the services, the Company issued an aggregate of 26,749 shares of the Company’s Class A common stock and 673,408 shares of non-voting Series A Convertible Preferred Stock.
On June 24, 2025, the Company announced that it had received a letter from Nasdaq providing written confirmation that the Company has regained compliance with Nasdaq’s rules. Nasdaq has indicated that if the Company’s stockholder’s equity as of June 30, 2025, included in the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2025, does not show a stockholder’s equity of at least $2.5 million, then the Company may again be subject to delisting from Nasdaq. In the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2025, filed with the SEC on August 19, 2025, the Company reported a stockholders’ deficit of approximately $10.0 million.
The MSA with VLD provided for the cancellation of shares of the Company’s capital stock held by VLD in certain circumstances upon expiration or termination. On August 14, 2025, the Company irrevocably waived its right under the MSA to cancel such shares upon expiration or termination of the MSA.
In the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2025, filed with the SEC on November 20, 2025, the Company reported a stockholders’ deficit of approximately $0.7 million.
In order to maintain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement, the Company effected a reverse stock split of the Company’s Class A common stock at a ratio of 1-for-17.85, which went into effect at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on December 17, 2025, and on January 2, 2026, the Company’s Class A common stock closed above the minimum bid price for ten consecutive trading days as required to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement.
There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to maintain compliance with the Equity Rule, the Minimum Bid Price Requirement, the Periodic Reporting Requirement, or other applicable Nasdaq listing rules, that the Company will be able to successfully implement a reverse stock split if it decides to pursue one, that the Panel will grant any future request from the Company for a suspension of delisting on Nasdaq, or that the Company’s appeal of a delisting determination will be successful. Additionally, if we fail to meet the Minimum Bid Price Requirement, we are not eligible for a 180-day cure period from Nasdaq to regain compliance with such requirement because we have conducted a reverse stock split in the past year and thus we would be immediately delisted.
If at the time of filing of the Company’s next periodic financial statements the Company does not evidence compliance with the Equity Rule, the Company may again be subject to delisting from Nasdaq. If the Company’s Class A common stock loses its listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Company’s Class A common stock would likely trade in the over-the-counter market. If the Company’s Class A common stock were to trade on the over-the-counter market, selling the Company’s Class A common stock could be more difficult because smaller quantities of shares would likely be bought and sold, transactions could be delayed, and security analysts’ coverage of us may be reduced. In addition, in the event the Company’s Class A common stock is delisted, broker-dealers have certain regulatory burdens imposed upon them, which may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in the Company’s Class A common stock, further limiting the liquidity of such shares. A determination that the Company’s Class A common stock is a “penny stock” would require brokers trading in the Company’s Class A common stock to adhere to even more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the 
30
Table of Contents
secondary trading market for the Company’s Class A common stock. These factors could result in lower prices and larger spreads in the bid and ask prices for the Company’s Class A common stock. Such delisting from the Nasdaq Capital Market and continued or further declines in the price of shares of the Company’s Class A common stock could also greatly impair our ability to raise additional necessary capital through equity or debt financing, and could significantly increase the ownership dilution to stockholders caused by our issuing equity in financing or other transactions.
Our outstanding warrants could dilute stockholders, depress our stock price, reduce proceeds available to holders of our Class A common stock in a change of control, and impede a potential acquisition of the Company.
As of March 27, 2026, we had outstanding 2,096,947 warrants to purchase of our Class A common stock, held by a variety of third parties. The exercise prices of these warrants range from $4.38 per share to $143,692.50 per share. If a substantial portion of these warrants are exercised, we would be required to issue a material number of shares of our Class A common stock, which would dilute the ownership interests of our existing stockholders. Any such dilution could be substantial, particularly if the exercise prices of the warrants are below the then-current trading price of our Class A common stock.
In addition, the existence of these outstanding warrants, and the potential issuance of shares upon their exercise, may create a circumstance commonly referred to as a “warrant overhang.” Market participants may anticipate that warrant holders will seek to realize value by exercising warrants and selling the underlying shares (or by engaging in other transactions involving our securities). As a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected by actual sales of shares issued upon exercise of warrants, by the perception that such sales may occur, or by the increased number of shares that could become available for future sale. These dynamics could cause the trading price of our Class A common stock to decline, increase volatility, and make it more difficult for us and our stockholders to sell equity securities at a time and price deemed appropriate.
Our warrants also include change of control protections that could significantly reduce the proceeds otherwise available to holders of our Class A common stock and may discourage or impede a transaction. Most, if not all, of our outstanding warrants provide that, upon the occurrence of certain change of control or similar fundamental transactions, the warrant holders may be entitled to receive consideration based on the Black-Scholes value of the warrants (or an economically similar make-whole amount), which may be payable in cash, shares, or a combination thereof, depending on the terms of the applicable warrant and the structure of the transaction. Because the Black-Scholes value of a warrant reflects, among other things, the market price and volatility of our Class A common stock, the remaining term of the warrant, and prevailing interest rates, the aggregate amount payable or issuable to warrant holders in connection with a change of control could be material. If the make-whole is settled in shares, it could substantially increase the number of shares issued in connection with the transaction; if settled in cash (or a mix of cash and shares), it could materially reduce the cash proceeds available for distribution to holders of our Class A common stock. In either case, these provisions could operate as an additional cost of an acquisition and may deter, delay, or prevent a change of control transaction that might otherwise be beneficial to our stockholders, including by reducing the amount an acquiror is willing to pay, complicating transaction economics, or making a transaction less attractive relative to other opportunities.
Further, the warrant overhang and change of control protections may impair our ability to raise additional capital through equity or equity-linked financings. Potential investors may discount the price they are willing to pay for our securities due to the risk of dilution from warrant exercises and the possibility that warrant make-whole obligations could divert value in a strategic transaction. If we are unable to access capital on acceptable terms, our ability to fund operations, pursue strategic initiatives, and satisfy our obligations could be materially adversely affected.
We have pursued warrant inducement transactions in the past and may pursue additional transactions in the future, which could increase dilution and may not achieve the intended results. From time to time, we have entered into transactions intended to encourage warrant holders to exercise, exchange, amend, or otherwise restructure their warrants (including “warrant inducement” transactions). These transactions have involved, and any future transactions may involve, the issuance of additional warrants to purchase shares of Class A common stock and/or other securities (including at a discount to prevailing market prices), the modification of existing warrant terms (including exercise price reductions or other economic concessions), or other consideration. As a result, warrant inducement transactions increase our warrant overhang and can be dilutive to existing stockholders. Moreover, such transactions may not improve our stock price, may not be available on terms acceptable to us (or at all), and may be undertaken at times when the market for our securities is volatile or when we have limited negotiating leverage. Even if completed, these transactions may not prevent future dilution, may not meaningfully reduce the economic impact of the warrant change of control provisions, and could be viewed negatively by the market, any of which could adversely affect the trading price of our Class A common stock.
31
Table of Contents
Accordingly, our outstanding warrants and related provisions could materially and adversely affect the trading price of our common stock, the value received by holders of our Class A common stock in a change of control transaction, our ability to raise additional capital, and the likelihood, timing, and terms of a potential acquisition of the Company.
Our outstanding convertible notes, and a potential additional investment under an existing note facility, may result in significant dilution to our stockholders and could adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock.
We have outstanding convertible notes that may be converted into shares of our Class A common stock, which could result in substantial dilution to existing stockholders. As of December 31, 2025, approximately $1.6 million principal amount of convertible notes were outstanding and convertible at an approximate conversion price of $19.92 per share. The investor also has the right, at its option, to purchase up to an additional $4.0 million of convertible notes on substantially the same terms, which would increase the amount of debt potentially convertible into shares of our Class A common stock. In addition, any such additional investment would include 100% warrant coverage, which would further increase the number of shares issuable and result in further dilution.
In addition, as of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $2.4 million principal amount of convertible notes that are convertible into shares of our Class A common stock at the lower of (i) $19.81 per share and (ii) a 10% discount to the closing price of the Class A common stock, as reported on Nasdaq, on the trading day preceding the holder’s election to convert, but in no event lower than $3.57 per share. Because the conversion price for these notes may be based on a discount to market prices, the number of shares issuable upon conversion may increase significantly if the market price of our Class A common stock declines, and conversions could place additional downward pressure on our stock price. The closing price of our Class A common stock on December 31, 2025 was $4.87, meaning that these convertible notes may convert at or near the $3.57 per share floor.
 
We anticipate that the holder may convert some or all of these notes prior to May 1, 2026, which could result in the issuance of a significant number of shares, materially dilute existing stockholders, and adversely affect the trading price and volatility of our Class A common stock.
Furthermore, as of December 31, 2025, approximately $0.5 million principal amount of convertible notes were outstanding and convertible at an approximate conversion price of $29.81 per share.
An active trading market for our Class A common stock may never develop or be sustained.
The price of our Class A common stock may fluctuate significantly due to general market and economic conditions and forecasts, our general business condition and the release of our financial reports. An active trading market for our Class A common stock may not develop or continue or, if developed, may not be sustained, which would make it difficult for stockholders to sell their shares of Class A common stock at an attractive price (or at all). The market price of our Class A common stock may decline below stockholders’ deemed purchase price, and they may not be able to sell their shares of Class A common stock at or above that price (or at all). Additionally, if our Class A common stock is delisted from Nasdaq for any reason, and is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, an inter-dealer automated quotation system for equity securities that is not a national securities exchange, the liquidity and price of our Class A common stock may be more limited than if we were quoted or listed on Nasdaq or another national securities exchange. Stockholders may be unable to sell Class A common stock unless a market can be established or sustained.
The market price of our Class A common stock and warrants may be volatile, which could cause the value of your investment to decline.
If an active market for our Class A common stock and warrants develops and continues, the trading price of our Class A common stock and warrants could be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations. The trading price of our Class A common stock and warrants depends on many factors, including those described in this “
Risk Factors
” section, many of which are beyond our control and may not be related to our operating performance. Any of the factors listed below could have a material adverse effect on investment in our Class A common stock and warrants, and our Class A common stock and warrants may trade at prices significantly below the price paid for them. In such circumstances, the trading price of our Class A common stock and warrants may not recover and may experience a further decline.
Factors affecting the trading price of our Class A common stock and warrants may include:
•
actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar to us;
•
changes in the market’s expectations about our operating results;
32
Table of Contents
•
the public’s reaction to our press releases, our other public announcements and our filings with the SEC;
•
speculation in the press or investment community;
•
actual or anticipated developments in our business or our competitors’ businesses or the competitive landscape generally;
•
our operating results failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts or investors in a particular period;
•
changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning us or the market in general;
•
operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us;
•
publications of research reports by securities analysts about us, our competitors, or the space industry;
•
changes in laws and regulations affecting our business;
•
commencement of, or involvement in, litigation involving us;
•
changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt;
•
the volume of Class A common stock available for public sale;
•
any major change in our board of directors or management;
•
sales of substantial amounts of Class A common stock by directors, officers or significant stockholders or the perception that such sales could occur;
•
general economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, fuel prices, trade wars, pandemics, epidemics, currency fluctuations and acts of war or terrorism; and
•
other risk factors listed under this “
Risk Factors
” section.
Future sales of shares by Company officers, directors and other insiders may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock.
Sales of shares of our Class A common stock by Company officers, directors and other insiders, regardless of the actual reason for such sales, may be perceived negatively by the market, which could adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult for stockholders to sell their Class A common stock at a favorable time and price. 
Future sales of shares by existing stockholders may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock.
Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock and may make it more difficult to sell Class A common stock at a favorable time and price. 
If securities and industry analysts do not publish research or reports, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research or reports, about our business or our market, our stock price and trading volume could decline.
The trading market for our Class A common stock and warrants will depend, in part, on the research and reports that securities and industry analysts publish about us, our business and our market. No securities analysts have published research on our stock in the last 12 months. If analysts do not publish research on our stock in the future, then our stock price and trading volume could be negatively impacted. In the event securities or industry analysts initiate coverage, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock, publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business or our market, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, our stock price would likely decline.
33
Table of Contents
Our charter documents and Delaware law could prevent a takeover that stockholders consider favorable and could also reduce the market price of our Class A common stock.
Certain provisions of our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, as well as our Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended, may have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. These provisions provide for, among other things:
•
a classified Board of Directors whose members serve staggered three-year terms;
•
the authorization of “blank check” preferred stock, which could be issued by the Board of Directors without stockholder approval and may contain voting, liquidation, dividend, and other rights superior to our Class A common stock;
•
a limitation on the ability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers;
•
a requirement that special meetings of our stockholders can be called only by our Board of Directors acting by a written resolution by a majority of the directors then in office, the Chairperson of the Board of Directors, our Chief Executive Officer, or our Lead Independent Director;
•
a requirement of advance notice of stockholder proposals for business to be conducted at meetings stockholders and for nominations of candidates for election to the Board of Directors;
•
a requirement that our directors may be removed only for cause and by a two-thirds (2/3) vote of the stockholders;
•
a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent;
•
a requirement that vacancies on our Board of Directors may be filled only by a majority of Directors then in office or by a sole remaining Director (subject to limited exceptions), even though less than a quorum; and
•
a requirement of the approval of the Board of Directors or the holders of at least two-thirds of our outstanding shares of capital stock to amend our Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended, and certain provisions of our charter.
In addition, we have not opted out of the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”), which generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with any “interested” stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder became an “interested” stockholder.
These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by stockholders to replace or remove the Company’s management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of the Board of Directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In addition, institutional stockholder representative groups, stockholder activists, and others may disagree with our corporate governance provisions or other practices, including anti-takeover provisions, such as those listed above. We generally will consider recommendations of institutional stockholder representative groups, but we will make decisions based on what our Board and management believe to be in the best long-term interests of the Company and stockholders; however, these groups could make recommendations to our stockholders against our practices or our Board members if they disagree with our positions.
These and other provisions in our charter and Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended, and under Delaware law could discourage potential takeover attempts, reduce the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of Class A common stock and result in the market price of Class A common stock being lower than it would be without these provisions.
Our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, provides that a state or federal court located within the state of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a chosen judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees, or stockholders.
Our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, provides, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law:
•
any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company;
34
Table of Contents
•
any action or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by or any wrongdoing by any current or former director, officer, employee, or agent of the Company or any stockholder to the Company or to stockholders;
•
any action or proceeding asserting a claim against us or any current or former director, officer, or other employee or any stockholder in such stockholder’s capacity as such arising out of or pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, or our Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended;
•
any action or proceeding to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and/or our Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended (including any right, obligation or remedy thereunder);
•
any action or proceeding as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction to the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; or
•
any action or proceeding asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in all cases to the fullest extent permitted by law and subject to the court’s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants.
This provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or any claim for which the U.S. federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, further provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
Our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, also provides that a state or federal court located within the state of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a chosen judicial forum for disputes with the Company or our directors, officers, employees, or stockholders. If any other court of competent jurisdiction were to find either exclusive-forum provision in our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, to be inapplicable or unenforceable, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, although the Delaware Supreme Court ruled in March 2020 that federal forum selection provisions purporting to require claims under the Securities Act be brought in federal court were “facially valid” under Delaware law, there is uncertainty as to whether other courts will enforce our federal forum selection clause.
Future sales and issuances of our Class A common stock could cause our stock price to fall.
Sales of a substantial number of shares of Class A common stock by our existing stockholders in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our Class A common stock and could impair our ability to raise additional capital through the issuance of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect that such sales may have on the prevailing market price of our Class A common stock.
Any issuance of equity we may undertake in the future to raise additional capital could cause the price of our Class A common stock to decline, or require us to issue shares at a price that is lower than that paid by holders of our Class A common stock in the past, which would result in those newly issued shares being dilutive. In addition, future investors could gain rights superior to existing stockholders, such as liquidation and other preferences. If we obtain funds through a credit facility or through the issuance of debt or preferred securities, these securities will likely have rights senior to the rights of a common stockholder, which could impair the value of our Class A common stock.
We also have stock options and warrants outstanding to purchase shares of our capital stock. Our stockholders may incur dilution upon exercise of any outstanding stock options and warrants.
Sales of Class A common stock under our “at-the-market” (“ATM”) program and our equity line of credit (“ELOC”) could result in substantial dilution to stockholders, depress the market price of our Class A common stock, and may not provide adequate funding when needed.
We adopted an ATM program in September 2025. From the adoption of the ATM until December 31, 2025, we issued 757,193 shares under this program to raise approximately $13.6 million. In September 2025, we entered into an ELOC with an investor. As of December 31, 2025, we have not issued any shares under the ELOC but we anticipate utilizing the ELOC in the future. The sale of shares under these arrangements could dilute existing 
35
Table of Contents
stockholders, depress the market price of our Class A common stock, increase volatility, and reduce our ability to raise capital on favorable terms.
In addition, we might sell shares under our ELOC to raise capital in the future. Under the ELOC, we have the right to sell shares of our Class A common stock to raise up to $50.0 million of potential proceeds, subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions. Under the ELOC, when we deliver a put notice, the purchase price for shares sold to the counterparty is calculated at a 6% discount to the lowest volume-weighted average price (“VWAP”) of our Class A common stock during the three trading-day period beginning on the date we submit the put notice. We are also required to pay a fee to our investment bank in connection with transactions under the ELOC. Because the purchase price is tied to market prices during a short measurement period and incorporates a discount, the effective price at which we sell shares could be significantly below the market price at the time these sales are settled. 
Sales under the ELOC could adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. The counterparty will likely resell shares it purchases under the ELOC into the public market, and such resales could contribute to downward pressure on our stock price. Although the ELOC restricts the counterparty from hedging or short selling in connection with the facility, these restrictions may not prevent declines in the market price of our Class A common stock resulting from dilution from our share issuances, the counterparty’s resales of shares acquired under the ELOC, increased supply of shares in the market generally, or investor perception that we may continue to access the ELOC.
If we are unable to obtain sufficient funding through the ATM or the ELOC, we may be required to seek additional financing, which may not be available on favorable terms, or at all, and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Accordingly, our equity financing arrangements, and our use of them, could materially and adversely affect the trading price of our Class A common stock, result in significant dilution to existing stockholders, and limit our ability to finance our operations and strategic objectives.
We need additional capital and any additional capital we seek may not be available in the amount or at the time we need it.
We need to raise funds in the future to execute our business plan. We may seek to raise additional capital to expand our business, pursue strategic investments, and take advantage of financing or other opportunities that we believe to be in our best interests and the interests of our stockholders. Additional capital may be raised through the sale of common or preferred equity or convertible debt securities, entry into debt facilities or other third-party funding arrangements. The sale of equity and convertible debt securities may result in dilution to our stockholders and those securities may have rights senior to those of our Class A common stock. Agreements entered into in connection with such capital raising activities could contain covenants that would restrict our operations or require us to relinquish certain rights. Additional capital may not be available on reasonable terms, or at all. If we cannot timely raise any needed funds, we may be forced to reduce our operating expenses, which could adversely affect our ability to implement our long-term strategic roadmap and grow our business. Our ability to raise capital through the sale of securities may be limited by our inability to utilize a Registration Statement on Form S-3 to raise capital until November 2026 due to the late filing of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated November 20, 2025. 
The market price of our Class A common stock has been, and may continue to be, volatile, which could reduce the market price of our Class A common stock.
The publicly traded shares of our Class A common stock have experienced, and may experience in the future, significant price and volume fluctuations. During the 12 months ended March 24, 2026, the market price of our Class A common stock has ranged from a high of $43.57 per share to a low of $3.82 per share on a split-adjusted basis. This market volatility could reduce the market price of our Class A common stock without regard to our operating performance. In addition, the trading price of our Class A common stock could change significantly in response to actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly operating results, announcements by us or our competitors, factors affecting the space transportation industry generally, changes in national or regional economic conditions, changes in securities analysts’ estimates for us or our competitors’ or industry’s future performance or general market conditions, making it more difficult for shares of our Class A common stock to be sold at a favorable price or at all. The market price of our Class A common stock could also be reduced by general market price declines or market volatility in the future or future declines or volatility in the prices of stocks for companies in our industry.
36
Table of Contents
Factors affecting the trading price of our Class A common stock and warrants may include:
•
actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar to us;
•
changes in the market’s expectations about our operating results;
•
the public’s reaction to our press releases, our other public announcements and our filings with the SEC;
•
speculation in the press or investment community;
•
actual or anticipated developments in our business or our competitors’ businesses or the competitive landscape generally;
•
our operating results failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts or investors in a particular period;
•
changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning us or the market in general;
•
operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us;
•
publications of research reports by securities analysts about us, our competitors, or the space industry;
•
changes in laws and regulations affecting our business;
•
commencement of, or involvement in, litigation involving us;
•
changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt;
•
the volume of Class A common stock available for public sale;
•
any major change in our Board of Directors or management;
•
sales of substantial amounts of Class A common stock by directors, officers, or significant stockholders or the perception that such sales could occur;
•
general economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, fuel prices, trade wars, pandemics, epidemics, currency fluctuations, and acts of war or terrorism; and
•
other risk factors listed under this “
Risk Factors
” section.
General Risks
Our employees and independent contractors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, which could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results.
We are exposed to the risk that our employees and independent contractors may engage in misconduct or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless or negligent conduct or other activities that violate U.S. and international laws and regulations. It is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and other third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. In addition, we are subject to the risk that a person or government could allege such fraud or other misconduct, even if none occurred. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results, including, without limitation, the imposition of significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, disgorgement, integrity oversight and reporting obligations to resolve allegations of non-compliance, imprisonment, other sanctions, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment of our operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
Labor-related matters, including labor disputes, may adversely affect our operations.
Momentus relies on its employees in the day-to-day operations of its business. Actual or threatened labor disputes may disrupt our operations and adversely affect our ability to operate as a business. Such labor disputes and disruptions may result in the loss of market share to competitors and/or have a negative impact on the Company’s brand and corporate image.
37
Table of Contents
In addition, Momentus has experienced shortages of qualified labor in the past and may experience them in the future. Any shortages of qualified labor may have a material adverse effect on Momentus’ business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results.
Changes in our accounting estimates and assumptions could negatively affect our financial position and results of operations.
We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. These accounting principles require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our consolidated financial statements. We are also required to make certain judgments that affect the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during each reporting period. We periodically evaluate our estimates and assumptions including, but not limited to, those relating to business acquisitions, revenue recognition, restructuring costs, recoverability of assets including customer receivables, contingencies, stock-based compensation and income taxes. We base our estimates on historical experience and various assumptions that we believe to be reasonable based on specific circumstances. These assumptions and estimates involve the exercise of judgment and discretion, which may evolve over time in light of operational experience, regulatory direction, developments in accounting principles and other factors. Actual results could differ from these estimates as a result of changes in circumstances, assumptions, policies or developments in the business, which could materially affect our consolidated financial statements.