Company:          Spire Global
Ticker:           SPIR
CIK:              0001816017
Accession Number: 0001193125-26-116169
Filing Date:      2026-03-19
Source URL:       https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1816017/000119312526116169/spir-20251231.htm
Extracted:        2026-05-16T17:29:36.065663Z
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Item 1A. Risk Factors.
Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the sections titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our Class A common stock. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment.
These disclosures reflect our beliefs and opinions as to factors that could materially and adversely affect us and our securities in the future. References to past events are provided by way of example only and are not intended to be a complete listing or a representation as to whether or not such factors have occurred in the past or their likelihood of occurring in the future.
Risks Related to Our Industry and Business
We may require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital might not be available on company favorable terms, if at all, or may be available only by diluting existing stockholders or putting excessive debt leverage and insolvency risk on the business.
Historically, we have funded our operations and capital expenditures primarily through equity issuances, debt and cash generated from our operations. Although we currently anticipate that our existing cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to meet our cash needs for at least the next 12 months, we may require additional financing in the future, and we may not be able to obtain debt or equity financing on favorable terms, if at all. If we raise equity financing to fund operations or on an opportunistic basis, our stockholders may experience significant dilution of their ownership interests. If we obtain debt financing, the terms of such debt financing may include restrictive covenants, including restrictions on our ability to incur additional indebtedness, require us to maintain certain financial covenants, or restrict our ability to pay dividends and our operational flexibility or profitability. If we need additional capital and cannot raise it on acceptable terms, or at all, we may not be able to, among other things, develop new products, technologies and services, enhance our operating infrastructure, expand the markets in which we operate and potentially acquire complementary businesses and technologies or otherwise grow our business or respond to competitive pressures.
We have a history of net losses and may not be able to achieve or maintain revenue growth or profitability in the future.
Apart from a gain recognized in the second quarter of 2025 related to the sale of our maritime business, we have incurred net losses since our inception and have not generated net income from ongoing operations. We expect to continue incurring net losses in the near term as we invest in the growth of our business.
Although our total operating expenses are expected to decrease in 2026 as a result of the sale of our maritime business, operating expenses associated with our continuing operations have increased and may continue to increase as we invest in sales and marketing, research and development, and infrastructure to support revenue growth and other strategic priorities. These efforts may be more costly than we expect and may not result in increased revenue or growth in our business. Any failure to increase our revenue sufficiently to offset the increases in our operating expenses will limit our ability to achieve or maintain profitability in the future. Further, if we are unable to successfully address these risks and challenges as we encounter them, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
Uncertain macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions have negatively impacted, and may continue to impact, our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Negative macroeconomic conditions in the U.S. or abroad, including elevated inflation, interest rate volatility, credit market disruptions, trade restrictions, the imposition of tariffs, changes in economic policy, delays in U.S federal budget appropriations, or geopolitical tensions, civil unrest, and armed conflicts may impact our infrastructure, including both ground stations and assets in space, and such conflicts have led and may in the future lead to decreased spending on our offerings and services and lengthen our sales cycles. These conditions can make it more difficult for us and our customers to forecast and plan business activities, and have caused and may in the future cause customers to delay or cancel projects, renegotiate contracts, or face
 

14

 

challenges in making timely payments, which could require us to increase our allowance for doubtful accounts. In addition, the imposition of international sanctions, as well as related global conflicts and security concerns have at times led to scheduling shifts or launch cancellations by third-party satellite launch providers, which delayed our revenue recognition for certain sales contracts. If those conflicts escalate further, or if new or increased sanctions or geopolitical tensions emerge, our operations, business relationships, and financial results could be further adversely affected. Further the U.S.' imposition and suspension of tariffs on a variety of countries, and retaliatory measures or other changes to trade policies, could impact trade volume, investment, technological exchange and other economic activities between major international economies, resulting in a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets. Any changes in political, trade, regulatory, and economic conditions, including U.S. trade policies and any further increases in existing tariff rates, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
If any of these factors continue or worsen, and/or if new macroeconomic or geopolitical issues arise, our results of operations and financial condition could be further negatively impacted. Any downturn of the general economy or industries in which we operate would adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We rely on a limited number of government customers to provide a significant portion of our revenue.
We have historically derived a significant portion of our revenue from contracts with governmental customers. Approximately 43% of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025, was generated by three government customers. There can be no assurance that any contract with the government of any jurisdiction will not be terminated or suspended in the future, as such terminations or suspensions generally may be done at any time, with or without cause. For example, on March 2, 2026, we received from Public Services and Procurement Canada a Stop Work Order Notice, suspending work effectively immediately until further notice, pursuant to that certain contract, dated January 20, 2025, relating to the design and development of the WildFireSat constellation of satellites for the Canadian Space Agency. The Public Services and Procurement Canada has until August 29, 2026 to either cancel the stop order or terminate the contract, in whole or in part. See the risk factor titled,
 “Our contracts with government entities are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties”
 for additional information.
 
Loss of one or more of our government customers, any significant decrease in sales to these customers, a full or partial government shutdown, or delays in government appropriations has in the past, and in the future could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We face competition and could face pricing pressure from, and lose market share to, our competitors, including as a result of rapid technological changes in the satellite industry or new service solutions, which could adversely affect our business.
The industries in which we operate are fragmented, highly competitive, and characterized by rapid technological changes, evolving customer requirements, and frequent product and service innovations. We may face competition from companies using new service solutions, innovative technologies, including artificial intelligence, and equipment, including new low Earth orbit constellations, expansions of existing geostationary satellite systems, or other technologies. These developments could render our offerings less competitive or obsolete and require significant capital expenditures to maintain and enhance our platform features and services. Many of our existing competitors have, and some of our potential competitors could have, substantial competitive advantages including, but not limited to, access to greater resources. Increasing competition, an inability to respond to rapid industry change or adopt effective pricing strategies, or other pressures could compromise our ability to compete, reduce revenue, and impact margins.
Our business model of delivering data and analytics gathered from a custom constellation of satellites in space is still relatively new and has only recently gained market traction. Moreover, many established businesses are aggressively competing against us and have offerings with functionalities similar to those offered by us. We expect competition to increase as other established and emerging companies enter this market, as customer requirements evolve, and as new offerings and technologies are introduced. If we are unable to anticipate or effectively react to these competitive and technological challenges, our competitive position would weaken, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected.
Our sales cycle can be long and unpredictable for certain channels and services, and our sales efforts require considerable time and expense.
Our quarterly results of operations fluctuate, in part, because of the resource-intensive nature of our sales efforts and the length and variability of our sales cycle for certain of our offerings, such as our project-based services, and for certain of our customers, such as government departments and agencies. The length of our sales cycle, from initial contact with our sales team to a contractual commitment from a customer, can also vary substantially from customer to customer and our sales cycle may
 

15

 

lengthen as we continue to focus our sales efforts on large enterprises and on our Space Services. In addition, our results of operations depend, in part, on subscription renewals from customers and increasing sales and upgrades to our existing customers, which may also be reduced or delayed. If a customer does not renew on time or as expected, or if we fail to cost-effectively acquire new customers or obtain renewals, upgrades, or expansions from our existing customers, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected. In addition, we may in the future make changes to our subscription model, which may affect the length of our sales cycle and our ability to predict the length of our sales cycle or the anticipated size of potential subscriptions.
We depend on our sales force to obtain new customers and to drive additional sales to existing customers. We believe that there is significant competition for sales personnel with the skills and technical knowledge that we require, and our ability to grow revenue depends, in part, on our ability to recruit, train, and retain sufficient numbers of sales personnel. If we are unable to attract, retain, motivate and adequately train sufficient numbers of effective sales personnel, if our sales personnel do not reach significant levels of productivity in a timely manner, or if our sales personnel are not successful in converting potential customers into new customers or increasing sales to our existing customer base, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected.
Our customers may depend on our technical support services to resolve issues relating to our platform. If we do not succeed in helping our customers quickly resolve issues or provide effective ongoing education related to our platform, our reputation could be harmed. To the extent that we are unsuccessful in hiring, training, and retaining adequate customer support resources, our ability to provide adequate and timely support to our customers, and our customers’ satisfaction with our platform, will be adversely affected. Our failure to provide and maintain high quality customer support would harm our reputation and brand and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Our international operations and continued international expansion subject us to additional costs and risks, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Our growth strategy depends, in part, on our continued international expansion. We are continuing to adapt to and develop strategies to address international markets, and to grow our manufacturing footprints in the U.S. and abroad, but there is no guarantee that such efforts will be successful. Efforts to expand our platform in certain countries may be complicated, constrained, or prohibited due to regulatory and legal requirements we must comply with in the U.S. or other jurisdictions that may conflict with one another. Our international sales and operations are subject to a number of risks, including, but not limited to: higher costs of doing business, greater difficulty enforcing and collecting on contracts, differing laws and regulations, foreign exchange fluctuations, recruiting and retaining talented and capable employees in foreign countries and maintaining our company culture and employee programs across all of our offices, difficulty obtaining regulatory or legal approvals, maintaining effective trade controls compliance, ensuring compliance with prohibitions on foreign national involvement in certain contracts, and other items. These and other factors could harm our ability to generate revenue outside of the U.S. and/or could result in increased expenses and liabilities, and consequently, adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Our business could be adversely affected by weather, climate, and other large-scale disruptive events.
We are vulnerable to a wide range of large-scale disruptive events, including natural disasters such as tsunamis, hurricanes, floods, wildfires, earthquakes, extreme weather events, and water shortages, as well as pandemics, acts of war or terrorism, political crises, power outages, and infrastructure failures. These events may impact our operations, the operations of our suppliers or launch partners, or critical infrastructure, including launch sites and manufacturing facilities. The frequency and severity of extreme weather events have increased and may continue to rise, potentially disrupting our launch schedules, supply chains, or our ability to fulfill customer contracts. These events could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Risks Related to our Technology, Research and Development, Technical Infrastructure, and Operations.
Satellites use highly complex technology and operate in the harsh environment of space and therefore are subject to significant operational risks while in orbit, including, but not limited to, failure to perform or performance at reduced levels of service because of major events, technological malfunctions, satellite deficiencies, or other performance failures.
Satellites in low earth orbit have a limited life cycle and could become compromised over their designated operational life span. We anticipate that our satellites will have an expected end-of-commercial-service life of three to four years. It is possible that
 

16

 

the actual commercial service lives of our satellites will be shorter than anticipated and there can be no assurance as to the actual useful life of a satellite or its individual components. Certain of our satellites are nearing the end of their expected useful lives. As they do so, the performance of each satellite could start to decline. We can offer no assurance that satellites will maintain their prescribed orbits or remain operational, and we may not have replacement satellites that are immediately available. In particular, the strength, timing, and intensity of the solar cycle may impact the longevity and operations of our satellites. The solar cycle, which occurs approximately every 11 years, governs fluctuations in the sun's magnetic activity. Increased solar activity leads to heightened atmospheric drag on satellites, accelerating their orbital decay and causing earlier deorbiting, which can render satellites inoperative or result in complete loss due to burn-up during re-entry into the lower atmosphere. Our ability to mitigate these solar cycle effects and maintain timely replenishment of our constellation may adversely affect our business financial condition and results of operations.
Exposure of our satellites to an unanticipated catastrophic event, such as a solar flare, meteor shower, coronal mass ejection, electrostatic storm, or collision with other objects could reduce the performance of, or completely destroy, the affected satellite and/or constellation. Other anomalies that may affect the actual commercial service lives of our satellites include mechanical, electrical or other failures due to manufacturing error or defect; equipment degradation during the satellite’s lifetime; deficiencies of control or communications software; insufficient hardware quality, durability, or reliability; attacks by malicious actors, including cyber-related events; and governmental discontinuation for periods of time the access to or operation of a satellite for any particular area on the Earth or restricting permission to transmit certain data.
We have experienced, and may in the future experience, some of these catastrophic events or anomalies. The effects of these catastrophic events and anomalies include, but are not limited to, failure of the satellite, degraded communications performance, reduced power available to the satellite, battery overcharging or undercharging and limitations on satellite communications capacity and data collection. Some of these effects may be increased during periods of greater message traffic and could result in our system requiring more than one attempt to send messages before they get through to our satellites. This could lead to increased messaging latencies or other adverse outcomes for the end user and reduced throughput for our system. Any single anomaly could materially and adversely affect our ability to utilize a satellite. Anomalies may also reduce the expected capacity, commercial operation and/or useful life of a satellite, thereby reducing the amount of space data collected, which, if material, could impact revenue or create additional expenses due to the need to provide replacement or back-up satellites or satellite capacity earlier than planned. In addition, if a satellite experiences an anomaly or malfunction, our backup satellite capacity may be insufficient to meet our customers’ needs or avoid service interruptions, and we may need to potentially blackout or reduce service to certain customers, which would adversely affect our relationships with our customers and result in loss of revenue.
Satellites have certain redundant systems, which can fail partially or in their entirety, and accordingly satellites may operate for extended periods without all redundant systems in operation, but with single points of failure. The failure of satellite components could cause damage to or loss of the use of a satellite before the end of its expected useful life. Satellites can temporarily go out of service and be recovered, or cease to function for reasons beyond our control, including the quality of design and construction, the supply of the battery, the expected gradual environmental degradation of solar panels, the durability of various satellite components and the orbits and space environments in which the satellites are placed and operated.
Most, if not all, failures cannot be corrected once the satellites are placed in orbit and may result in loss of customers, customer disputes, monetary losses, delays, and impairment of services.
Satellites are subject to significant launch risks, including, but not limited to, launch delays, launch failures, and damage or destruction during launch, the occurrence of which can materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We are dependent on third-party launch service providers. Currently, the number of companies who offer launch services is limited, and if this sector fails to grow or experiences consolidation among current providers, we may not be able to secure space on a launch vehicle or may incur higher prices for such space. This could cause delays in our ability to meet our customers' needs or an increase in the price of our offers, adversely affecting our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The technology related to launch capabilities is evolving rapidly as existing launch providers iterate on their existing capabilities and new providers enter the market. Our launch partners may encounter launch, deployment, or in-orbit delays or failures, leading to damage or complete loss of our satellites, including customer assets. If a launch is delayed, which is common in our industry, our timing for the recognition of revenue tied to customer acceptance of project-based deliverables may similarly be delayed.

17

 

In addition, the loss of, or damage to, a satellite due to a launch failure could result in significant increased expenses from earlier than expected replacement satellites and delays in anticipated revenue. Any significant delay in the commencement of service of a satellite could delay or potentially permanently reduce the revenue anticipated to be generated by that satellite. In addition, if the loss of satellites was material, we might not be able to accommodate customers with sufficient data to meet minimum service level agreements until replacement satellites are available, which we may be unable to obtain in a timely manner. Appropriate launch windows for satellites in our industry are limited and may become more so as additional satellite networks and other spacecraft are launched and/or as space debris becomes more common. Coordinating with partners and regulators to reserve launch windows and prepare for launches may as a result become more difficult over time. An extended launch delay, limited availability of launch windows, delays in regulatory approvals, satellite damage or destruction during launch deployment, a launch failure, launch underperformance, or incorrect orbital placement could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Technical malfunctions, performance failures, or other issues or difficulties with our ground stations could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
The ongoing operations of our satellite constellation and data services rely on the functionality of our ground stations. We have in the past experienced and may in the future experience technical difficulties or mechanical issues with our ground stations, which may negatively impact service in the region covered by that ground station. Our ground stations are often located in remote regions of the world and not easily accessible and can be subject to restrictions on travel. Further, we rely, at times, on third parties to perform maintenance on and repair our ground stations. We may experience a partial or total loss of one or more of our ground stations due to disasters such as tsunamis, tornados, floods, hurricanes, other extreme or unusual weather events, earthquakes, fires, acts of war or terrorism, or other catastrophic events. A failure at one or more of our ground stations could cause a delayed, partial, or complete loss of service for our customers. We may experience a failure in the necessary equipment at our ground stations, or in the communication links between our ground stations. Additionally, our ground stations are located on property that is not owned by us. A failure at any of our ground stations, facilities, or in the communications links between our facilities, or in our ability to maintain and access our ground stations and underlying leases for any reason, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We rely on third parties for our supply of certain of our data, equipment, satellite components, software, and operational services, and any failure, delay, or interruption with these third parties could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We purchase equipment and satellite components from third-party suppliers, and we depend on those suppliers to deliver and support our operations at the contracted specifications in order for us to continue to meet our service and contractual commitments to our customers. We may experience difficulty implementing, operating and maintaining equipment and satellite components, or when providing services using this equipment, if these suppliers do not meet their obligations to deliver and support the equipment and satellite components or if our arrangements with these third parties are terminated or modified resulting in delays, added expense, reduced quality of our data, or an inability to maintain or expand our business. This may lead to service interruptions or degradations in the services offered to our customers, which could cause our revenue to decline materially and could adversely affect our ability to market our services and generate future revenue and profit.
Further, our suppliers may become capacity-constrained or could face financial or other difficulties as a result of broader geopolitical, climate or economic events or conditions. We may experience operational delays and may have to evaluate replacement suppliers for our satellite components, equipment, and operational services. If we fail to effectively address these issues, we could suffer delays, which could reduce our ability to launch new satellites and manage and operate our business.
We also rely on a number of third-party data, software, cloud, and other service providers to manage and operate our business, including data obtained from third party satellites. The services provided by these third parties are critical to our ability to operate and maintain our business. For example, we outsource substantially all of the infrastructure relating to our platform to Amazon Web Services (
“
AWS
”) 
and therefore our platform depends, in significant part, on the virtual cloud infrastructure
hosted in AWS. Our customers need to be able to access our platform at any time, without interruption or degradation of performance. Any disruption in these services, including as a result of a prolonged AWS service disruption affecting our
platform or a termination of our end-user license agreement with AWS, or an inability to obtain these services on commercially reasonable terms or at all, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
 

18

 

We primarily manufacture our satellites in-house at a single manufacturing facility in the United Kingdom. Any impairment to this manufacturing facility, or our inability to grow manufacturing capabilities at other facilities, would materially affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We primarily manufacture our satellites in-house at a single manufacturing facility in the United Kingdom. The availability of our services depends on the continuing operation of our satellite manufacturing infrastructure and operations. Any impairment such as downtime, damage to, or failure of our manufacturing facility could result in interruptions in our production of satellites, which could materially affect our business. Our manufacturing facility may become capacity-constrained or could face financial difficulties as a result of a surge in demand for additional satellites, a natural disaster, or other event. Our manufacturing site is vulnerable to damage or interruption from floods, fires, power loss, or aging infrastructure. An infrastructure failure could result in the destruction of satellites under construction or inventory, manufacturing delays, or additional costs incurred, and we do not maintain back-up manufacturing facilities or operations. We may not be able to replace or supplement the satellite manufacturing process through the growth of our manufacturing capability at other facilities or with third-party manufacturers, and even if we are able to do so, there could be a substantial period of time in which new satellites would not be manufactured.
 
Further, any new facility or relationship may involve higher costs and delays in development and delivery. We may also encounter technical challenges in successfully replicating the manufacturing processes in another facility or with a third party. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could result in lengthy interruptions in our production and launch of our satellites, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We engage in customer-funded or co-funded research and development arrangements (“R&D Services contracts”), which are generally partially co-funded by agencies like the European Space Agency (“ESA”) or National Aeronautics and Space Administration (“NASA”). The cost of providing the services and activities pursuant to these agreements initially exceed the revenue they generate. Even if technology is successfully developed pursuant to these R&D Services contracts and is eventually commercialized, it may never yield a profit.
We engage in R&D Services contracts to further several promising space technologies and solutions. These R&D Services contracts generally follow a co-funding structure. We usually fund a portion of the research ourselves and bill the customer, a government agency like ESA or NASA, the other portion, typically 50% of the total costs. Through this co-funding arrangement, the total costs of providing the related R&D Services exceed the revenue they generate. Even if technology is successfully developed pursuant to these R&D Services contracts and is eventually commercialized, it may never yield enough profit to recover all of the expenses incurred for these contracts. As a result, our ability to continue these activities may be jeopardized, particularly because of our negative cash flows from operation.
 
Any failure to obtain, maintain, protect, or enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Our success depends, in part, upon our ability to obtain, maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property rights, including our proprietary technology, know-how, and our brand. We also incorporate technology and terrestrial data sets from third parties into our platform, and our inability to maintain rights and access to such technology and data sets would harm our business and results of operations. We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secret laws, and contractual provisions in an effort to obtain, establish, maintain and protect these rights. However, if we fail to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights or trade secrets adequately, our competitors might gain access to our proprietary technology and develop and commercialize similar services or technologies, we may not have access to the technology or data that we need, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects could be adversely affected. There can be no guarantee that others will not infringe on our trademarks or patents, independently develop offerings that are similar to our intellectual property or trade secrets, duplicate any of our offerings, or design around our patents or other intellectual property rights. Enforcing intellectual property claims can be difficult, expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, we may be required to license additional technology from third parties to develop and market new features, which may not be on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, and could adversely affect our ability to compete.
Furthermore, claims by others that we infringed their proprietary technology or other intellectual property rights would harm our business. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to develop and commercialize our services without infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of third parties. However, we may not be aware if our services are infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise violating third-party intellectual property rights, including with respect to technology and data obtained by others for use by us, and such third parties may bring claims alleging such infringement, misappropriation, or violation. Defending against such claims can be difficult, expensive and time consuming, and the outcome
 

19

 

is unpredictable, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Our services and technology contain third-party open source software components, and failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could restrict our ability to deliver our platform or subject us to litigation or other actions.
Our technology includes software modules licensed to us by third-party authors under open source licenses, and we expect to continue to incorporate such open source software in our platform in the future. We also contribute to the open source developer community. Use and distribution of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide support, warranties, indemnification, or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality or reliability of the code. Our inclusion of open source software in some of our technology may also require release of the source code, enabling others to compete more effectively. In addition, the public availability of such open source software may make it easier for others to compromise our services and technology.
The terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts, and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed to impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our platform. There is also a risk that we and our customers could be subject to lawsuits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software.
 
Issues in the use of AI, including machine learning, in our geospatial data and analytics platforms may negatively affect our business.
AI is enabled by or integrated into some of our geospatial data and analytics platforms and is a growing element of our business offerings. As with many developing technologies, AI presents risks and challenges that could affect its further development, adoption, and use, and therefore our business. AI algorithms may be flawed. Datasets may be insufficient, of poor quality, or contain biased information. Inappropriate or controversial data practices by engineers and end-users of our systems could impair the acceptance of AI solutions and the use of our products. If the recommendations, forecasts, or analyses that AI applications assist in producing are deficient or inaccurate, we could be subjected to competitive harm, potential legal liability, and brand or reputational harm, and our business could be negatively affected. Additionally, AI technologies are subject to evolving laws, regulations, guidance, and industry standards, which may expose us to legal liability or regulatory risk, including with respect to third-party intellectual property, privacy, publicity, contractual, or other rights. Our enablement, integration or other use of AI may expose us to claims, demands, and proceedings and subject us to competitive harm, legal liability and brand or reputational harm, and our business could be negatively affected.
We depend on our management team and other highly skilled personnel, and we may fail to attract, retain, motivate, or integrate highly skilled personnel, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to attract and retain our management team and highly skilled personnel. The industry in which we operate is generally characterized by significant competition for personnel as well as high employee attrition. We may not be successful in attracting, retaining, training, or motivating qualified personnel to fulfill our current or future needs. Certain of our employees, including those in the U.S., work for us on an at-will basis, while employees in other jurisdictions may be subject to local employment laws, regulations, and contractual arrangements that may provide different rights and protections, and there is no assurance that any such employee will remain with us and it may be difficult for us to find suitable replacements on a timely basis, on competitive terms, or at all. We may also face risks related to labor relations and employee unionization, particularly in jurisdictions with strong worker protections, that could adversely affect our business. Our global workforce subjects us to varying labor, employment, and immigration laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, which may increase the complexity and cost of managing our personnel and limit our flexibility in responding to business needs. In addition, from time to time, there may be changes in our senior management team that may be disruptive to our business. If our senior management team fails to work together effectively and to execute our plans and strategies, including as a result of recent executive transitions, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

20

 

Risks Related to Legal, Regulatory, Compliance, and Other Matters
Our business is subject to a wide range of laws and regulations, many of which are evolving, and failure to comply with such laws and regulations could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We operate in a highly dynamic legal and regulatory environment. The laws and regulations pertaining to our business are quickly evolving, including, but not limited to those regarding the launch, operation, and maintenance of satellites; licensing and permit requirements for data transmission, protection, and privacy; and contracting with public and governmental entities. Our business can be subject to potentially inconsistent laws and regulations across jurisdictions. Compliance with these laws and regulations imposes added costs on our business. We may not be able to maintain compliance with these laws and regulations. We may fail to provide services in accordance with the terms of our licenses or to operate our satellites or ground stations as required by our licenses and applicable laws and regulations. Changes in laws and regulations, or changes in governmental authorities’ interpretation, application, or enforcement of such, may prevent us from continuing to operate our business in the future as it is currently operated today or at all. It is not possible to predict whether there will be any future changes in the regulatory regimes to which we will be subject or the effect of any such future changes. These risks could subject us to investigations, fines, penalties, loss of licenses, sanctions, debarment, civil and criminal penalties, lawsuits, injunctions, or other adverse consequences which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Our ability to obtain or maintain licensing authorization for our platform is subject to government rules and processes which can cause delays or failures in obtaining authorizations requested. Further, regulators may adopt new rules and regulations which could impose new requirements impacting our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we do not maintain regulatory authorizations for our existing satellites, associated ground facilities and terminals, and services we provide, or obtain authorizations for our future satellites, associated ground facilities and terminals, and services we provide, we may not be able to operate our existing satellites or expand our operations.
Further, because the regulatory schemes vary by country, we may be subject to regulations in foreign countries of which we are not presently aware that we are not in compliance with, and as a result could be subject to sanctions by a foreign government.
In the ordinary course of business, we have been involved, are currently involved, and may in the future become involved, in disagreements or disputes with our customers that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, we provide minimum service level commitments to certain of our customers, and our failure to meet these commitments could cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, which could harm our results of operations.
Such disagreements or disputes often relate to matters incidental to the ordinary course of our business, including, but not limited to, satellite performance, operational deviations, launch or subcontractor failures or changes, contract interpretation, and other items. For example, the non-performance or under-performance of equipment or components, including those provided by third parties, has led to such disagreements or disputes with our customers. We engage with our customers with the aim of favorably resolving disagreements or disputes, but there can be no assurance that such resolutions can be achieved and that litigation or other proceedings will not be commenced. For example, a Space Services customer has alleged it was not obligated to pay a note receivable based on an alleged breach of the underlying contract with our Space Services business (each, a “Space Services contract”), which is the subject of a pending arbitration proceeding. For additional information regarding this matter, see Part I,